Decision Tree Classifier False Predictions
"['i ordered the sony dcr-dvd108 on april 9. i still have n\'t received the camera . what i have received are 2 e-mails stating that the product is late without any sort explanation why . as far as i \'m concerned it is too late ! the first stated that the shipment would leave on april 16. when i purchase the camera , i did so because the add stated that if i wanted the camera by april 12 , i needed to order it in the next 11 hours and 23 minutes . this i did . the next e-mail that arrived just this morning and i \'ve been informed that it will arrive between april 26 and may 3. i have already missed recording one of my seven year old daughter \'s gymnastics competitions and now if stick with their delivery dates , i \'ll be missing 2 more . well , i \'m not missing 2 more and amazon is getting the camera back . the best part of this is that i do n\'t even have the option of canceling the order because amazon is and i quote , "" ... preparing these items for shipment and this portion of your order cannot be canceled or changed . "" if you ca n\'t get the order out on time , you should respect your customer enough to offer cancellation of the shipment or better yet , try some real customer service and have the product shipped from a competitor at your cost . i can tell you with certainty that sort of customer service would bring your customers for life .'
 ""i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field""
 'would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of "" king solomons mines "" . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic "" prisoner of zenda "" . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution .'
 'very good it does what i want and more . now to get more training on doing more with this produc'
 'i do agree that books containing racist positions should not be given to children without a strong and fully aware comment . but i simply cannot stand to buy a sanitised version of a book without being aware of it . this is called censorship , and it gives me the creeps . as a parent , i have had enough real life opportunities to prove racism wrong to my children . so to realise that somebody has been cheating on me , trying to do my job so that i did not have to explain how society has evolved , how difficult it has been for minorities to be recognised and respected is just a fraud . this review is about the harper collins edition , edited by patricia c . and frederick l . mckissak , illustrated by michael hague'
 ""although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan""
 'i an not a prude but i watched this movie after it was recommended by a friend . i watches this movie with a pretty liberal girlfriend and we both found it to be extremely vulgar and not even funny , with the exception of the fist scene.and the language was ridiculous and gross ! yuk'
 'now on their sixth studio album ( and second on a major label ) carbon leaf plays it safe with the inoffensive rock / pop of "" love , loss , hope , repeat . "" lead vocalist barry privett has a warm , pleasant way of delivering his lyrics , and renowned producer peter collins fulfills his duties . nevertheless , the 11-song collection is most notable for its power of subtlety . in fact , it is so subtle that not one song is memorable . some lyrics are heartfelt ( "" the war was in color "" recounts a conversation between a grandfather and grandson , lead single "" learn to fly "" regretfully summons up inner strength ) but with such flat , by-the-numbers melodies these songs have little to stand on . everything sounds just fine , but nothing is endearing . every guitar strum and drum beat can be predicted ten seconds prior to its appearance , and privett , despite his appealing voice , could easily be singing one extremely long song . this project is obviously well-intentioned , but many other bands have done this before and better . these guys without a doubt have talent , but this album will soon be forgotten for good reason . next time they will hopefully carve out a more unique sound than the one on this record .'
 ""hydrabrush is an excellent power toothbrush because the brushhead has more surfaces to get at your teeth and gum line making the brushing very comfortable and refreshing afterwards . i use the soft brushhead because i used to have gingivitis and my gums were red and swollen , but since using the hydrabrush and the 8 brushes ( 4 on each side ) i do n't have to worry about missing when i brush my teeth . excellent product .""
 ""one of the nicest things someone did for me when i lost my husband to leukemia was to send me this book . the selections are sympathetic and inspiring . also , they 're short at a time when the mourner really ca n't concentrate on long selections . this book has helped me through the most difficult time of my life""
 ""despite the fact that hanegraaff 's name is the bigger of the two on the front cover , only the first 40 pages of this very small book are worth reading , and they are the writing of paul maier . his research is helpful , but so limited in scope that you wonder if he was n't given a week-end to write it and come up with as much as he could . every topic needs futher information . a lot more could be said , and maier seems to be the kind of scholar who could have done a lot more . hanegraaff contributes 29 pages of defense of the historical jesus which is an even more surface-level reworking of information covered much better elsewhere . that said , i would give this book to someone who is n't much of a reader but for whom the da vinci code has raised some questions . it is n't much more than a collection of scattered soundbites , but that may have been a good marketing strategy when there is already such a proliferation of secondary literature on what was only a piece of pulp fiction""
 'my dj side : i actually had to stop the music , open the tray on the cd player then check whether i had the right cd1 down-tempo in , or some other cd that my wife played before as the music was so not what i was expecting , sounding more like deep forest than jvm . to my surprise , it was jimmy \'s balance 10. i decided to keep an open mind and listen to it anyway . i went to sleep after the 4th track . the next day i decided to listen to the second cd ( mid tempo ) . again i stopped the music , opened the tray on the cd player then checked whether i had the ( mid tempo cd ) in instead of the down-tempo i was playing the night before . sure enough , the ( mid tempo ) was what i had in the player , but did not sound much different than the lullabies i was listening to on cd1. when the mid-tempo was over , i thought to myself "" well , this would be very nice for an upcoming relaxing dinner with friends "" . the next day i had high hopes for the up tempo cd , cause well , as the name implies , it should be where the beats and treats are . but no . not really . the only reason i did n\'t freak out from listening to the 1st and 2nd cd of jimmy van m \'s balance release is because for three days i kept telling myself that there is an up tempo cd . i did n\'t mind cd1&2 out of place pop tracks , i did n\'t mind the different types of music being played in sequence , or rather , out of sequence . i did n\'t mind hotel lobby music that reminded me of a hotel i stayed in two years ago in vienna . all this will be forgivable when i hear the up-tempo , because i was so sure it \'s going to be awesome . unfortunately , i was not quite right about my assumptions . things did not start happening until track 5 ( the reducer 2 ) , i do n\'t really need some 4 tracks on the third cd to get me warmed up . jimmy warmed me up for 37 tracks before that , in his down + mid-tempo crap . for the most part , this production of the balance series - especially the first 41 tracks in sequence - churned out some of the most lethargic , way too slow and boring music that could be described , at best , as lullabies for grown ups . as for the last 9 tracks of the up-tempo , it is actually - dare i say - decent enough , but way too late , and even worse , ended prematurely . it should have been re-arranged with tracks in reverse order on every cd to be as follows : ( cd3 ) up-tempo should have been ( cd1 ) renamed ( in the car from club to home ) , ( cd2 ) mid-tempo should have been renamed ( at home in the living room ) and finally ( cd1 ) down-tempo should have been ( cd3 ) renamed ( in your bedroom ) . this just makes more sense . the reason i say this is due to the disproportionate figures of dance tracks given to us ( 9 ) to the rest of the sleepy , mellow ones ( 41 ) . for example , chill out house almost always start with a faster track or two then goes on to be slower gradually . i have never come across a chill cd that opened with 10 fast tracks and ended with 03 slow ones , that \'s not chill . jvm balance did exactly that ; took forever to ascend to a certain point , then crashed almost immediately . what gives ? half star for cd1 half star for cd2 3 stars for cd3 my human side : dance music is not the only type of beautiful music out there , duh ! jimmy made that very clear in this release . if you want to listen to a wide range of ( not bad ! ) music , then balance 10 is for you . dive in jvm selection of what he thinks makes us human ; expressions of the soul that goes beyond our daily necessities to survive . as a matter of fact , we do n\'t even need music ( or any type of arts for that matter ) to survive at all . still we listen to it , we crave it and for many people their livelihood depends on it . music can represent our feelings , desires and wishes , and with jvm deep forest like music here ( as i mentioned before ) i ca n\'t help but wonder if he is going through a certain period in his life where spirituality and oneness with the world is a priority . i think it shows .'
 'we expose our babies / toddlers to a wide variety of cultural sources , in several languages . therefore , having seen similar products it seemed logical to purchase this one , given it is touted as a multilingual introduction to their environment ( our little ones are trilingual : english , spanish and asl , and they ignore us in all them ! ) . big mistake . the video not only reinforces but solidifies the sexist portrayal of love so prevalent in other baby einstein ( be ) items . in earlier be products one could see only female hands manipulating objects as they presented them on screen . male hands were never present . this video goes many steps furhter by featuring male figures only in the background , or at best , an elderly man briefly interacting with a child . everywhere else you see multiple females lovingly playing , caring or otherwise being nurturing to children . males are only seen ( with the exception of a black couple in bed while kids jump to play with them ) in a distant background in entirely detached attitudes , or at least distant , dry and quiet poses , such as talking with a much older ( male ) child . it is as if they are shown there as part of the domestic landscape , however as movable and inane as potted plants , whom you can move and place at will . i felt insulted by this condescending and disqualifying view of male love and nurturing abilities . asides , when you go into the spanish version , it is ( for a professionally produced video ) riddled with mistakes . three objects are mislabeled . in the first , when a cup - the plastic or paper tall type , not the coffee and saucer version , it is called "" la taza "" , when in reality it should be "" el vaso "" , as unlike english , where it is interchangeable "" vaso "" is the specific word for that item . the second - much worse instance , still in the kitchen was to introduce a bowl . there , the clueless scripter translated it as "" el bol "" , a clear and poor corruption of the english word into a one commonly used in spanglish , instead of calling it "" tazo\'n "" , as its correct name is . the last one i saw was in the yard ( i \'m suprised they did n\'t call it la yarda ! : "" looka mami ! get la troca and go a la marketa a buy a boncha de carrotas ! "" ) . this time they called an obvious swing ( two ropes and a seat in between ) "" la hamaca "" , when in reality hamaca means hammock . fortunately , we are native speakers amnd are abel to catch these pitfalls , but many people relies upon these products to teach their kids other languages . in sum i was discusted with the whole thing .'
 ""after trouble and his austin city limits appearance , i thought he was just another very good singer songwriter . this follow up has made me reconsider , because this is the work of a very thoughtful perfectionist . he waited and it was worth the wait . this reminded me immediately of john lennon ( please do n't punish me for blasphemy ) and others that knew how to touch you with simplicity done in a classy way . i did n't expect something this deep for a sophomore recording . enjoy""
 'i thought the title was interesting so i bought this book . wow , what a disappointment . this is sappy and poorly written . how does mitch albom keep getting on the best sellers list'
 ""aretha 's voice , her style , delivery and interpretation of her music is incomparable . these songs are more than just classics ; they 're a songbook to millions of people 's lives who grew up listening to her in the 60 's and 70 's as i did . they evolk memories of times that changed our world , and showed just how powerful and influential music could be for generations to come . there is not much that came before , and very little that came after these golden years for aretha , that can compare to this treasury of her music . sadly the aretha frankiln of 2007 pales in comparison to the aretha franklin of this time , who was truly and rightfully the queen of soul .""
 'multiple reviewers of other washington biographies recommended this abridgement over the book they were reviewing . i am a reader , as claimed above , but i have not read any washington biography . i still thought the above information might be helpful to other seekers'
 'this version "" wind and cloud - the storm riders "" made in 2004 is not the same as "" the storm riders "" made in 1998. this dvd is a condensed version of a tv series packaged by tai seng . it is full-screen and was made for tv . it is pretty disjointed as it was condensed into 2 hours from 30 hours . most people doing the reviews for this dvd is confusing everyone writing positive reviews for the 1998 film staring aaron kwok and ekin chen'
 'this is a nice looking brown suede camera case . based on all the stylus models listed , i assumed my olympic stylus 595 would fit in it but , unfortunately , it does not .'
 ""this was my very first book for nora roberts , and so far it 's the best book ever . it is the perfect book . brianna is a wonderful , smart inn keeper with many talents and a rare kind of maturity . i would love to be like her ! and gray is a successful , sweet , caring , witty author that comes to her inn in ireland to relax and start a new book . this is no ordinary romance . i love that it goes deep , not only into the main characters ' personalities , but there is also brianna 's sister and brother-in-law , her mother , her friend , and gray 's agent . not to mention the wonderful scenary of ireland described throughout the book . the conlcusion of the book is wonderful and utterly satisfying , leaving you with a happy glow that lasts a long time ! other books by nora roberts are good , but this one takes the prize . of the born trilogy this one is the best and it should not be missed""
 'el producto es de muy bajas caracteristicas . material barato , zoon de baja calidad , en otras palabras es sumamente inferior a otros equipos que he probado los cuales se encuentran en el mismo rango de precios . kodak tiene una linea de camaras económicas las cuales paracen ser desechables . no lo recomiedo'
 ""snapfire and snapfire plus are new photo software from corel . snapfire was recently released as a free download and snapfire plus is a budget priced upgrade which adds more advanced features . the one thing consumers ask for the most is a photo software that is easy to learn and use . corel 's answer is snapfire 's message center . from this one window , you can keep up with the latest news , updates and specials . more importantly , you have easy access to many tips and tutorials . snapfire has automated photo downloading from your camera , memory card or cd . just plug in one of these and the photo downloader automatically starts . you can set download options for how it works . snapfire will automatically rotate your photos when needed , check for and download only the photos added since the last download and automatically delete the photos from your camera after downloading them to the folder of your choice on your hard drive . once your photos are downloaded , you can use quick review to view photos in full screen mode and use the floating toolbar for tasks such as adding photo information , ratings and captions or starting photo fix . snapfire 's photo doctor analyzes your photos and makes suggestions for quick fix . with photo fix , you can pan , zoom and make corrections such as brightness , contrast and focus . other photo adjustment features , which are similar to those included in corel 's popular paint shop pro , include fix red eye , rotate and crop ( with a floating toolbar ) . other features borrowed from paint shop pro include easy-to-use organizing with sort by , search and calendar search . snapfire also has ways to enhance your photos including black & white and sepia color effects . the photo tray is a really nice feature which you can use to drag and drop your photos into a common location , grouping them together for a project , emailing to family and friends or printing . snapfire has a really cool and special way to email photos . its called snapfire show . after you select the photos you wish to send , snapfire will automatically create a slide-show with built-in transitions , music and motion effects . your photos are resized and embedded into the body of the email or added as an attachment . printing your photos is easy and fool-proof with the built-in layouts including standard 4 x 6 , 5 x 7 , 8 x 10 , 3.5 x 5 , wallet size and contact sheets . snapfire will automatically use your default printer settings or you can change the settings or printer as needed . if you choose to order prints online instead , you can do so with one click of your mouse and the photo upload dialog box . you can also use snapfire to work with your videos . just click on a video 's thumbnail to view and edit the video in full screen mode . you can even grab a frame from your video and convert it into a photo . for crafters , snapfire has several built-in project templates for album pages , greeting cards , calendars and collages . creating a project is as easy as dragging your photos onto the template and using the basic tools to make adjustments , add text captions and position photos . a trial version of snapfire plus ( se ) comes packaged with the newest upgrade of paint shop pro photo xi or can be downloaded from the corel website""
 'after having used this product since version 4 , each version had its problems . the latest version 11 has improved document indexing and searching - a little bit - over version 10. it does not scan both sides of pages as it did in version 10. the "" capture assistant "" crashes the program . if you need support due to bugs in the program , you have to pay , and pay , and pay'
 ""this album is n't not very good at all . there are about four songs i like . first off , the production on this cd is disgusting considering some of the producers make great beats . then , the guest artists do a sub-par job lyrically . then , there are no new verses from biggie , on the album . they should have stopped with born again , because album will be a forgotten one , not a great way to close out the legecy of bigge smalls""
 'it is working well , little slow warm up . but actually i wanted a hot air brush , not this , because i have very short hair , but i was mistaken when i ordered hot brush instead of hot air brush'
 'i purchased the pentax k10d digital slr about four weeks ago , and am very happy with this camera and the two lenses- -18-55mm and 50-200mm . with the shake reduction and anti-dust features , you can ` t go wrong . if you went with canon or nikon , you would pay through the nose for their lenses . the construction is very solid with seals that help prevent dust and water entering the camera.the features of the k10d make it a joy to use . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone moving up to a digital slr . i am age 81 , so it ` s never too late to move up the ladder . w.c.rhyn'
 'this scale looked like a good deal and had many good reviews so i bought it expecting the best . when it arrived i unpacked it and immediatly hopped on after makeing sure it was at 0. the scale told me i wighed 170 lbs . give or take a few from clothes.. . i was extremely shocked ! how could i weigh that much ! ! turns out the scale was off approx . 20 pounds 20 pounds !'
 'the roller balls are excellent ! the rolling action and three different speeds are excellent as well . the only drawback is the mesh over the pillow . it is abrasive to the skin . i have had to put a thin pillow case on top of it and that solved the problem . the only other problem is it has a hard area where your head lies so you must make sure you are situated properly . other than that , it is the best machine on the market i have found and i have tried many'
 ""these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever""
 ""the plot is quite good . however , the style and the overall structure are somewhat weaker that in later grisham 's stories . still well worth the time""
 ""the camera is a great camera.it is one of the best kind of camera in its level.everything is great in that ( perfect picture and easy to work ) but in that package as i saw in amazon add , the remote suppose to be in the package and comes with it but it wo n't and there is not remute in that package and it is kind of cheating...be careful about this product if you think whatever has written comes with package but not .""
 'i bought the first mattress topper for myself and my husband . after the first night i knew i wanted one to put in our rv too . my husband complained about the smell when i unpacked the topper but that dissipates quickly and he too slept well and woke up without back pain for the first time in years . he had me order one for his sister for christmas . i thought my sister would enjoy this comfortable mattress topper so now i have purchased four ! this is a wonderful product . i would recommend it to anyone'
 'i trust the information i find from britannica and so invested in the 2007 britannica ultimate reference suite . it has something for everyone . i use it side by side with microsoft encarta and together i get a more complete subject review . i prefer the content of britannica but for ease of use encarta is still superior . i look forward to britannica making the interface and ease of use better in future productions and that is why i am only able to award 4 stars'
 ""have loved this album since it first came out years ago ( bought on vinyl - lost to the mists of time ) . the cd was out of print but i kept looking and found it on amazon ( it was re-released ) , yeah ! ! ! ! last steam engine , from the cradle to the grave , louise , owls , you do n't have to need me - some of my favorites . this , to me , is kottke in his prime""
 'well , the labels did it again . first , when they released the album "" dream "" on cd . their biggest hit from that album "" you never done it like that "" turned out to be a re-recorded version on the cd release . they did it again with this "" ultimate collection . "" that being said , i love some of their other hits , especially "" the way that i want to touch you . "" luckily , the rest of the tracks are the originals . if you \'re looking for the original version of "" you never done it like that "" , you would have to get the 20th century masters collection of theirs'
 ""i can only say that this was my favorite record of last year . this record is hard to find in your local record store , so search it out.. . incredible - ca n't wait to hear more !""
 ""not speaking or understanding tibetian , did n't lessen the joy of being totally absorbed by this wonderful movie , and the music from this soundtrack is the reason why . it guides you like a sherpa , gently leading you along the high trails , powerfully pulling you to the heights of ever thinning air . you are at once engulfed in the tibetian life , you live the experience through the deep gutteral chants , singing bowls , and drums""
 ""i purchased this product with the hope that it will help me protect my computer without too much overhead and interference . the password manager is quite useless . in more than half the times it did not enter passwords . in cases where it entered passwords , it took about 5 seconds to do so . it also asked me if i want to store passwords repeatedly for the same site . it interfered with the operation . it did not let me go to sites like paypal and charles schwab . when i contacted symantec support , their response is to disable the phishing protection when i want to go to these sites . my quicken started having problems . i had to restore old backups and it took me 2 days to finally figure out that it is confidential that is causing the problems . i would have given this s / w 0 stars if it is possible . now , i uninstalled the software from my computer and have no intention of re-installing it . i ca n't believe that a company like symantec releases software that is so buggy and unusable""
 'this film released in late 1984 , is about a married man named rob salinger ( the late dudley moore ) who secretly marries another woman during his current marriage . rob is a newspaper editor married to micheline "" micki "" salinger ( ann reinking ) , a judge . while secretly romancing maude ( amy irving ) , he proposes to her ( maude ) . rob has babies by both women and in one of the last scenes , they ( the women ) both meet and converse about their respective simultaneous marriages . but rob keeps both wives . in the real world , bigamy is undoubtedly illegal . director blake edwards \' previous film credits include breakfast at tiffany \'s and the pink panther . subsequently , he directed the late john ritter in 1989 \'s skin deep'
 'the leather is very soft and the case is simply quality . i should have bought this one the first time'
 'the mattress pad topper has a strong chemical smell . after receiving it , i left it in an open room for 2 weeks before i can sleep on it . the "" free "" pillow smells even worse . it can be not exchanged since it is "" free "" . i guess i am supposed to toss it since it \'s "" free "" . i think it will be fair to mention that the topper is comfortable , after all .'
 'do n\'t be fooled by the similar-sounding , inarticulate reviews- -this product is not what you think it is . it contains neither motor nor electrical stimulation . the "" energy fields "" described have nothing to do with actual energy / electricity- -they might as well use the word "" aura "" for all of the logical sense it makes . in the words of a company representative : the tingler is not battery operated there is no button . that would be our sqwiggler which has 2 aa batteries located in the handle . you \'re welcome to return the tingler for a sqwiggler . the sqwiggler is $29.95 please call 800-978-8765 and we can get your credit card information and charge the amount difference of $9.95 plus $8.45 for the shipping fees . make your own judgement , but do n\'t expect to be as wowed or thrilled as the company claims you \'ll be'
 '... for giving every dance studio and popular dance genre the hope that they too can be the "" next riverdance "" . the dancers are all talented , if self-consciously hip , and in great shape . but the numbers that focus more on t & a than fancy footowrk really did this show in for me . i love it when risks are taken with conventional dance forms , but ballroom dance is ott enough ( if you \'ve ever watched a competition ) and does n\'t need to be tarted up beyond recognition , the way it is here . add the disjointed lighting and editing effects and what you have is a hot mess'
 'puts a protective glass over your expensive gla$$ without distortion .'
 ""a great series concept - highly significant artists performing material which taken individually or collectively represents a major section of the american music library . ofcourse the originally withdrawn [w . new at-the-time funky people] & quot ; talkin ' loud. . &quot ; by jb ( i bought it retail ! ) is the highlight , along with the live & quot ; it 's my thing.. . &quot ; by marva whitney . ( yes , i saw mw sing it **l-i-v-e** at madison square garden in july , 1969 ) . the prev . unrel . bobby byrd track and vicki anderson 's contribution to the & quot ; cold sweat&quot ; session also reinforce the value for listeners""
 ""i was first touched by pavarotti 's voice as a teenager in the early 80 's when i saw a pbs special of this concert on television . the power of his voice and his personality are incomparable . his rendition of ave maria is especially touching . i would recommend this as a first buy for anyone who is new to the operatic experience , as i was so many years ago""
 'worked as expected . a few hardware glitches but that was to be expected'
 ""although the compartments seem small , you can fit lots of food into this bowl . it 's divided into about 4 or 5 sections , so you can separate your veggies , meat , etc. the only thing that bummed me out was the ice pack - the frozen gel expanded on the inside and caused the container to break : ( so , i use it to store food in the fridge . i have all of the other fit & fresh containers and none of the ice packs on those have broken .""
 ""a fine example of how fickle or intimate ( i prefer the word intimate ) scent is to each of us . this is one fragrance that i have not gotten to like . received as a gift more than a year ago , the bottle still has three-quarters . it does have a ` rich ' scent but i find it to be too confusing and indescribable a scent , not educing a one word description like ` sporty ' , ` sexy ' , ` alluring' . i do n't wear it very often but i do n't recall a single occasion of ` what fragrance are you wearing ? ' with this one . it 's just not my cup of tea so definitely , if you 're not familiar with this scent beforehand ; do not buy before trying it out at a department store for a day . why buy ? as a gift for the guy competing for the female that is currently in your crosshairs . as a gift for your boss - you will know he 's coming from a mile away . you need a gift for a guy who could n't pour water out of a boot even if there were instructions on the hee""
 ""i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good""
 'when i first opened up the "" super quick charger "" i was a bit put off.. . it \'s small , it \'s cheap looking.. . compared to the old nicd charger i used to have it was very unimpressive . then i plugged it in . say what you will about this barebones solution , it works amazingly well . it charges the batteries quickly and the batteries last a really long time in between charges . it does exactly what i was looking for . if i could improve anything it would be to implement some sort of cover on the battery slots . while it \'s not essential to the process by any means , it would look a lot better , and the batteries would be less prone to being jostled out of their positions in mid-charge by a curious cat .'
 ""i have nothing bad to say . it gets hot enough . it was cheap . it seems well made . the cover is washable . it 's just what i was looking for""
 ""used it once and put it in the dogs ' tub . it 's really awkward to use . it sucks up your water pressure , too . ca n't figure it out . i have incredible water pressure , but with this thing on , it went down to nothing . stick to the original shower massage by waterpik""
 ""having just read the book ( most highly recommended ) i decided to treat myself to the movie . i could have cried . while i did not expect the movie to contain everything from the book , i was sadly dissapointed to see that it totally changed the plot around . in the book , the 5 men bonded together and were great men of character . in the movie , they got rid of one man , had the other eaten right off the bat , pencroft is shown to be a coward and greedy . in the book , nemo appears only in the last two or three chapters , and he does not have an elaborate home on the island . and what about those stupid giant animals ? i do n't recall reading about them . the fence around nemo 's home looks like it came right from jurassic park . the whole story was about 5 ( eventually 6 ) men who were stranded on an uncharted island and the wonderful adventures they had there . on another note , the graphics were pretty bad . the panning was very blurry and the picture was often grainy . as one reviewer well said , it is suitable for children who are easily pleased , but it is nothing like the book . perhaps this is why amazon sells it for only $6.99""
 'this cd was supposed to expose a new side of dar willams , it has failed to do this . the lyrics , and songs are repetitive of previous works . i would suggest buying something else'
 'i bought this cd on a whim after i heard joaquin phoenix was directing their "" tired of being sorry "" video . whoa ! i was addicted ! i could n\'t stop listening to it...i had to get a 2nd copy for the car just so i could stop carrying it back and forth . great driving music ! the songs are catchy and have a great beat...i have n\'t heard anything this good in a long while . i had to have more immediately and luckily found some earlier stuff of scott thomas\' ....more on the acoustic / indie side , but awesome ! i highly recommend lovers & thieves ( cdbaby.com ) my faves from ringside are "" struggle "" , "" trixie "" , and "" dreamboat 730 "" . you will not be disappointed'
 'i was stunned by this movie . i learned of it and purchased it in 2003. for various reasons it remains for me the best , most emotional movie i have seen about musicians and their music . the producer chose well : he found the songwriters that shaped country and rock for the next 30 years : townes van zandt , rodney crowell , steve earle , guy clark , steve young , john hiatt , charlie daniels and a tribute to the late skinny dennis , immortalized in guy clark \'s "" la freeway . "" i wish david allen coe had been left out , but no film is perfect . the songwriters are shown at their best and worst : a drunken , funny tvz falls into a rabbit hole and silent night is rendered by fine musicians too drunk to remember the lyrics . this movie was made when i was a poor student and musician with a small circle of talented friends in tampa at the university of south florida . the difference is that most of my friends and i got straight jobs [we still tried to make a difference] but these musicians changed the world , just a little . i married the singer / business major i met at usf and divorced 30 years later . i still play guitar , write and record at home and dream of making it in music - but mostly i learn songs written by artists like those in this movie and try to understand the magic they have that still captures me . when tvz sang \' waiting around to die \' he brought tears to the eyes of his 70+ blacksmith neighbor , while cindy comforts him . it was magical . tvz does a "" medley of my hit "" and sings "" pancho and lefty , "" and rodney crowell sang "" bluebird wine , "" both covered by emmylou . steve young \'s "" alabama highways "" was wonderful too . it was a look into my past - and the past and future of the intelligent , emotional music i love best .'
 'when i first heard this album i was a bit shocked . myself and my fellow tmbg fans derided it as a "" teen angst album , "" moaned and whined that john & john had betrayed us by adding a band , and generally refused to give it a chance . a few years later , listening to my entire collection of tmbg in chonological order ( a sanity-restoration ritual ) , i realized that this album is awesome ! there are only 2 stupid songs , window and dirtbike . hey , for tmbg , that \'s not bad - their fans forgive them stupidity on a regular basis . aside from that , there are more rockin \' , thought-provoking tunes here than you \'ll find almost anywhere . this album establishes beyond a doubt that tmbg are among the most gifted songwriters in rock history . i \'m not going to go over each individual song - there are millions of tmbg fans who have and will . i will add my 2 cents about my 4 favorites however : "" i should be allowed to think "" - tmbg does justice to beat poetry , and beyond ! "" why must i be sad ? "" - funny and pissy , great for getting those pesky emotions unstuck . the lyrics are genius , subtly quoting the best of alice cooper with tongue firmly planted in cheek . "" a self called nowhere "" - righteous , angry , and breathtaking . angsty punk bands of the world , take note : you will never be this hardcore . "" the end of the tour "" - i have written in my last wishes that i want this one played at my funeral . one of the most moving and emotionally honest rock ballads ever written . if your idea of tmbg is songs like "" istanbul "" and "" particle man , "" get over it ! and give this album a chance !'
 'i have viewed pdf files for years , never made one before . the installation was simple , and converting word , excel or other files to pdf is one click away . only annoying thing is the software insisting that it install toolbars everywhere but that is easily remedied'
 'my mother is 87 and the shower chair makes it easier . she likes it in the tub better and i just use warm water poured over her'
 ""whether you 're planning to read through crowley 's book of thoth for the first time , or if you think you know every little thing crowley was getting at with it , this book is going to be equally useless to you . several of crowley 's diagrams from the book of thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly , but sadly that 's the only good thing about this book . the book is filled with a lot of fluff . duquette tells many useless anecdotes of crowley 's and harris ' lives , and constantly excuses and defends crowley 's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper . duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found crowley 's works , so perhaps its some sort of atonement . but the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with crowley 's character . through out the book of thoth crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems . having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid . unfortunately duquette does n't do this . his background information is base and scarce . he does spend some time explaining about thelema and kabbalah , but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this , duquette does n't give nearly enough information to understand crowley 's works , and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere . as for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on crowley 's work , duquette outright fails . at times it seems as if duquette does n't even understand crowley or the book of thoth and the associated tarot deck . i do n't think the man even understands tarot in general ( and duquette 's own tarot deck is evidence of this too ) . at his best , duquette only manages to rephrase what crowley had to say in the book of thoth . typically though a lot of what crowley was getting at is complete lost in duquette 's work , a lot of it no doubt because duquette never really understood crowley at anything but a very base level . reading through the book of thoth , there are a few ways in which duquette could have made his book better . crowley 's phonetic translation of the i ching does n't follow the current standard , and sometimes the differences are confusing , especially if the reader is not already familiar with the i ching . a key showing crowley 's translation and the standard translation would 've been helpful . likewise crowley rarely wrote on astrology , despite astrology being alluded to many times through the book of thoth , and what he did write is hard to find . a chapter explaining crowley 's views on astrology would 've been great . if that was n't possible , then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what crowley was working with would have been helpful . however duquette 's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read . duquette 's book is n't useful as a reference to crowley 's work . duquette does n't seem to understand crowley most of the time , and fails to adequatley explain crowley 's ideas . besides some new-agey nonsense , like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays , duquette does n't offer any new ideas or insights into crowley 's work . except for a few nice diagrams ( which are common enough and easy to find ) , there is n't anything worthwhile contained in this book . at least not anything you wo n't get out of reading crowley 's book of thoth""
 'this product might do for a backpacking weekend with the boy scouts , but compared to a blade razor , or even an electric , it leaves a lot to be desired . i recommend giving it a pass'
 'i \'ve had my son in huggies brand since he was born . i started out with newborns and just went up in size . i loved them and they never sagged ( unless they were really full ) . i loved the trim look to them . when i had to get pampers brand because the store was out , the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load . even if i had just put them on and they were dry ! when my son was 1 , he decided to take off the "" tape "" on the daipers and he just would not keep it on . so i switched him to pull ups . he kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years . sometimes they did leak at night , because he went too much , but if i changed him once a night he was fine . now that he \'s older , i do n\'t have to change him , because he does n\'t go at night . these are really best out there , and they do n\'t look like they are always sagging like other diapers'
 ""every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please""
 'but a good debut album . this is when i felt proud knowin ja was from ny . no radio friendly s*** here just street for the most part . but i guess when you were never really gangsta in the first place you ca n\'t keep talkin about it , which is why i guess he changed his style . now the subject i wanna hit . has anyone noticed that guy named progressive ? why does amazon allow goofs who hate hip hop trash our culture ? and everytime i turn around its some damn rocker / junkie hippie . last time i checked rhythm and melody was part of music . i dont hear none of those when i through on heavy metal or rock . i \'m tired of our music bein trashed . you know what im a go trash one of they "" artist "" right now'
 ""the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : )""
 'i like guru because it has a more natural feeling towards your body . after drinking monster all day , my body felt like a mess ( from the many unnatural chemicals it does to your body ) . there are so many energy drinks out there that have loads of chemicals , its harder to find stuff like guru and bawls .'
 'i bought a 3 user zone alarm suite for far less than zone alarm offered for a single user upgrade . it pays to shop around , and amazon is often where it all winds up'
 'i went through a painful final separation from the love of my life when this cd was released in 1997 , and i identified with every song . i listened to this cd over and over for several months . i saw kim at the & quot ; house of blues&quot ; in hollywood during that time and sang along to every song . this cd is my favorite & quot ; bitter sweet&quot ; cd of all time . i love you , kim'
 'the housing worked great . took it to 80ft scuba diving and with the flash on the colors came out ok . no leaks and access to all functions a plus .'
 ""i purchased this product after reading many negative reviews on other products ( my last internet security product was pc-cillin , i did n't renew because of the low ratings for 2007 ) . what i found was that an huge load was put on my processor , and system memory apparently because i use a program that feeds video over the internet from a network cam . i never had problems like this before , and after some research on the za support site , i found other users who were having similar problems with their processors overclocking . vsmon.exe seems to be the culprit , and is the main component of the zone alarm product . everything seems fine , as long as i do n't try to use video over the internet ( including im webcams ) . i would recommend thinking about if you intend on using webserver programs before making this purchase""
 ""building on the intuitive quickbooks pro interface and sql database , quickbooks premier enables firms to scale - merely by clicking on a button and paying the difference . this ensures no work is lost . there is a whole new menu dedicated to specific industries . while the estimate can have multiple options , when the customer places an order , the sales order function enables quickbooks to saddle up for the ride . it generates purchase orders with the click of a button , and when goods are received , keeps track of who it is for . invoices are generated from the sales order as well , and partial invoicing keeps track so i do n't leave money on the table . i use the email function all the time , sending pdf attachments and cc:g myself so there 's a time stamp . to address the problem of sharing large files , there is a new portable company file ( much like a zip file ) which compresses files for emailing . i have also grown to appreciate the online banking auto-reconciliation function - i log in to the bank every morning , and watch as transactions appear and then get matched with my books , leaving me only unreconciled transactions . quickbooks also enables integration with third party software - there is a legion of industry specific solutions that help with core business operations . with 2006 , quickbooks has moved from being a software to a business operations system""
 ""this is jeff beck 's best album . a masterpiece of guitar work . this is an all instrumental album that features what jeff does best - play guitar . the supporting band is excellent especially the drum work . production quality is excellent as well . while i would n't consider jb a blues guitarist i would consider him one of the top 10 guitarist ever and this album show cases why . a great companion album to blow by blow is wired . it 's a shame that after wired his record company made him go back to albums with vocals . he has on a roll and at a level that he has rarely gotten back to . if you like guitar and can live without vocals buy this album . you will not be disappointed""
 ""i used huggies pullups with my older child and started using them with my younger one . when they came out with dora on the easy ups and our grocery store had a huge dora display , my daughter had to use dora not the pullups which have the disney princess design which she is not that into ( i personally think the disney princesses are not a good choice for potty training age 2-3 year olds , i would assume that dora would be picked by more children that age ) . first off the smallest size they have is big for the average 2-3 year old . they did have a size 2t but from what i have seen it has been discountined . i do n't know if it is because they are a little big or the quality they do leak . i have never had a huggies pullup leak on me but these easy have on a regular basis . the design definetly got my daughter not wanting diapers and on the road to potty training but the leakage did n't make it easy for me . i would never use these for overnight use , pullups absorb so much better in an overnight situation . now if pampaers could make a better product or huggies could make a better design then i would be happy""
 'the paper version is a real touchstone for the practice of all manner of applied mathematics . the cd-rom version belongs in the discount bin . here is why : 1 ) the cd-rom is edition 5 ; but edition 6 has been out for 4 years . 2 ) the dynatext software , which is needed to read / browse / search the book , is showing signs of age . it works fine on the computers of a decade ago but not necessarily on the machines of today . see the review of j.f.groote . the product is advertised as working on macs but will not work on most macs . specifically , it does not seem to work on either g4 or g5 hardware with os x , even under the so-called "" classic "" mode . i believe that the problem is that the browser is shipped as an executable that requires a specific architecture . it is usable under windows , but you might need to use one of the backwards-compatibility options to run the installer . it will not apparently run under any form of linux , the most recent ( and rapidly becoming the most popular ) transmogrification of unix . again , dynatext is put on the cd-rom as a binary executable ; if you are not using sunos 4 or 5 , solaris or sgi irix 5.2 then you can not use this product'
 ""this great underground master dj deservedly gets a release on a major record label.. . but there are too many rappers , not enough personality in the production , and obvious restraint in the sampling ( surely the result of copyright clearance issues . ) compared to z-trip 's amazing and audacious uneasy listening with dj-p and live at the future primitive with radar , this is just a bore.. . yawn.. .""
 ""i finally got this toothbrush after i have seen alot of people use them . i am very disappointed . the design of the brush and the charger seems really outdated and bulky . it 's constantly getting dirty with dust and tooth paste . it 's very hard to clean . it 's loud , and small brush . not to mention the replacements for the brush are too expensive . no thank you""
 'i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses'
 'once she has won your heart , you will want this collection to hear how she developed as a performer - - and came to be a great symbol of france in the 20th centur'
 ""you will probably be more productive and less bug ridden if you stick with what you have . do n't expect to turn this version on and be able to use it . many changes are literally imposed on you , like the ribbons instead of the familiar icon bars . missing menus and the auto-double space setting every time you hit return . there are new features which can be helpful to some , but microsoft probably thinks you can afford a week for retraining . the arrogance of microsoft not even to offer the menus everyone is used to as a classic or traditional option is incredible . you upgrade for hundreds of dollars to get totally stuck and run out to buy a manual .""
 'i read the good doctor \'s book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he \'s being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100% vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i \'ve been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i \'ve been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i \'m going to do 10 days and hoping for 14. i \'ve done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it \'s not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i \'ll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring . why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald \'s one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressants i \'m keeping dr. fuhrman \'s fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman \'s books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , "" you are responsible for your own health "" and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n\'t intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry . the last time i went to the dr. i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i \'d rather read a book'
 'of every band / group , there is always the weak link , tony yayo proves that he is the one with thoughts of a predicate felon . many of the songs are not produced by dr. dre ( one of the few things that g-unit has going for them ) resulting in "" greasy "" and bad beats . tony yayo cant seem to trun his mouth away from drug trafficing , being locked up in prison , hoes , ect . he lyrics are n\'t all that great either , making him have the worst voice in g-unit as well . he sounds almost as if he is my grandfather - maybe as a result of getting locked up . the few pluses on the album are "" drama setter "" feat . eminem and obie trice followed by eminem \'s constant adreniline rushing sound and beats ( even though he only is apart of the chorus-a big mistake ) as well as "" g-s**t "" . my advice , download these two songs - this cd is n\'t worth $14.00'
 '...sorry , guys , i think that the cover says it all . totally out of focus and falling apart . i much prefer his later work'
 ""with every grisham book i read , i get more and more impressed with his ability to not only use the law to create suspense , but to insert other elements to make this human as well . for once , we have a character that is not consumed by financial gain . however , this person has been left most of an eleven billion dollar fortune . however , she does not know this . a lawyer is sent to find her , and in the process , undergoes a fundamental change of his own . this story takes place in washington , maryland , west virginia , and the rain forests along the brazilian-bolivian border . in typical grisham fashion , he inserts considerable detail in all of the venues of this book , enabling the reader to create a mental picture everywhere this story goes . you can picture the six heirs that are clawing to get their share of the millions . you can picture the judge itching to have a high profile fight . you can envision the rainforest , and you can picture in your mind the massive changes occurring in the life of nate o'riley . this is yet another grisham work that will simply stick to your fingers like glue . the pages literally turn themselves . do not start this novel before going to bed , or you may have a sleepless night simply for the fact you simply will not be able to put this one down .""
 'season one of nelwlyweds is hilarious....you will enjoy watching nick & jessica and all the funny moments that took place the first year of their marriage ! the extra footage on the dvd \'s gives you even more insight from the "" lovebirds "" themselves ! i recommond "" newlyweds "" to all the nick & jessica fans out there'
 'sony continues to exhibit the highest quality in their product design and manufacturing process . this case is very slim , compact , well made , and has a very luxurious feel to it . it completely enhances the look and attractiveness of the sony camera it is designed to hold'
 ""this is a great cd ! each track fades up to full volume at the start and fades down to silence at the end . this makes it nice to just play the entire cd or to loop one track since there are no sharp changes from one noise to another . so far the car and washing machine tracks seem to be our baby 's favorites . when she outgrows the need for this white noise cd , we 'll transition her to lullaby or classical music . for now though , this cd helps us keep her on a schedule and well rested by helping keep her relaxed and usually asleep during her nap times . as a bonus , the waves and rain on the roof tracks are soothing for grown-ups needing to drown out noise while they sleep""
 ""although the real roots lie with the black artists who inspired these guys , the pbbb is where the hippy generation , ( this is a couple years pre-san francisco , and before the stones and beatles began stretching their arrangements out on record ) , learned to just play . their next record was more representative of what they were actually doing live at time time , and is the single greatest influence on what became the san francisco sound of the late 60 's and early 70 's , ( really long and experimental jamming ) , so this is in fact the & quot ; roots of the roots of the roots&quot ; of todays jam bands and guitar-heavy blues bands , mixed-race bands , and , for all practical purposes , the white-blues-man in todays ' world""
 ""this comedy , like click has a funny side to it and then switches to a darker side half way through . the characters in this film can be hated at points , especially michael douglas ' and matt dillon 's but there is a lighter side ! owen wilson is very likeable as dupree , an unemployed party guy who is in need of love and a good paying job . the cast is fine and one of the strength 's in this film ! however , i think it gets too serious at points . this is supposed to be a comedy after all . i would n't buy it but it is certainly worth renting""
 'this book is the equivalent of the proustian madeleine...to read it is to recover a past long lost . making the case for the mordant paradigm shift of us morals , ethics and literary tastes , this is the marker past which one can see the sad decline of the quality of art and life in the modern world . i cannot improve on the highly intelligent and sensitive overview given here by reviewer big orange "" paxbear "" and so will not review the book in detail . that it is one of only three saroyan volumes still in print makes the case for the obsolesence of the clear heart and clear mind in today \'s mindlessly kinetic world . you can read this book in the time it would take you to go see mi 111 in a cineplex . carpe diem . read this instead'
 ""this lens has gotten some bad reviews , i think , partly because it is starting to show it 's age . this was the first usm is lens , and the technology has really grown since then . if canon were to come along with an updated 75-300 usm is lens , man , it would blow everything away . that being said , yes , this lens is a little slow to focus . but , if you are not using it for work like one of the professional sports photographers you see on the sidelines at baseball games , you should be okay . it also could use an extra stop ( or two , or three ! ) because when you are handholding , you need that aperture to be as open as it can be . all of this aside , i really have gotten some gems of pictures out of this lens . it lets you get as closer then you possibly could hope for . if you have asteady hand and plently of availible light , you can get some really nice shots . if you are in a low light situation.. . you will need a tripod . the is of lens works.. . pretty good , but i have had a number of ever so slightly blurry pictures that would n't have been had there been some more aperature room to play with . all in all , its a good starter telephoto lens , especially for digital slrs since it really extends the zoom on those . its great for the price , and when you decide to upgrade to one of those white canon l beauties , just sell it""
 ""i needed a lens hood for my 50mm lens and paying $25 for a hood on a $75 lens might seem ridiculous . however , that might be because the $75 lens is so inexpensive . if the lens was $250 then paying an extra 10% might not seem too bad . i just saw the total cost of the lens and hood for $100 and that 's good for a terrific prime lens and its hood . however , please note : the lens hood is rather shallow ( 1 star reduction ) and it is a screw-on two piece kit ( 1 star reduction ) . one piece is the adaptor that screws-on where the filters normally go ( uv filter ) in front of the lens and is intended to be a permanent integral part of the lens and the second piece is the hood that snaps on and off this adaptor . the adaptor ring retains the same 52mm rim size so your protective filter can go before or after the adaptor . ( 1 bonus star ) because $100 is still a bargain for a 50mm , f1.8 , super fast , super sharp , super clear , light weight beginner lens and hood kit ! i hope this helps rather than confuse . : )""
 'this is the best reacher i have ever used . i am in a wheelchair due to ms and have used various types over the past 6 years but the quality and ease of use is much better with this .'
 ""i really wanted to give superman volume 3 a full 5 stars , but unfortunately the quality control of the dvd release is poor , hence the 1 star rating . the dvd set i purchased skipped at the green lantern episode . the replacement i got also skipped at the same place . in addition , the two-sided disc format with which all three dvd volumes have been released is a damage prone format . luckily i was able to get a full refund , but at this point i 'm not sure if or when i 'll try my chance at buying this set again . the lack of quality control is too bad , because volume 3 contains some of the best episodes of the whole series . if you are fortunate enough to get a dvd set free of defects , then you are really in for a treat . bruce timm and company bring the same high level of storytelling to superman as they did on batman : the animated series . of particular note is an ongoing subplot involving the villain darkseid throughout the series . it finally gets put front and center in several episodes of volume 3 , and leads straight to the very powerful and dramatic series finale . i felt that the finale could have been written out across three episodes instead of two due to the scale of the story , but nevertheless it is a great ending for a great series""
 'i finally got this cd , i have been looking for this cd for awhile now , a great by well worth it'
 ""this software might be recommended if better utilities were n't out there . this one gives the user a sense of security , but when my system crashed , fix-it couldn't . i dutifully put in the rescue disk , booted up on it , restored my earlier system , exited and rebooted . nothing . before i 'd been able to get into safe mode , but now nothing . so when i manually restored my system , guess which program got yanked ? and it freed up a lot of system resources , too . ( had i known how much before , that alone would have soured me . ) my system now runs faster and does n't lag while typing . another small criticism : even though fix-it has automatic update for virus scans , i found more often than not i had to go to the vcom site and manually download the anti-virus files . no reason was ever given ; i 'd just get a message telling me to do it . very inconvenient . also warning*warning : this program has strict activation . you can only have it on one computer , so forget putting it on your notebook computer . finally , be careful when cleaning your registry . look at every entry this suite wants to delete . if you run it on default , it may remove critical registry keys and settings . in fact , i 'd use a different registry cleaner or some of the free ones . fix-it has some great features , but not enough to make it worth the system resources and a system sluggish system . ( not to mention the anti-virus problem ) . try system mechanic instead .""
 ""i was disappointed in this book . the art and techniques illustrated are of the type one might expect to see on a tv craft show . i would instead recomment robert wade 's watercolor book .""
 'this handy little tool is a must have for not just nikon owners , but all camera owners . a genius of design and function , i would whole-heartedly urge every person with a camera to buy one , or many , asap'
 'now my husband ca n\'t "" borrow "" my gasses and i never loose them . i have one of each color and get rave comments every time i take them off in front of strangers .'
 ""i needed a tele lens to complement my d50 purchase . a did n't want to spend too much money on it but i needed one that a least matched my lumix fz10 in sharpness . this certainly did and the vr really works , i am able to take sharp pictures up to 1 / 40. my d50 flies on it""
 ""although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan""
 'try to name some of the greatest debut rock albums . let me give you one ground rule though : it has to be from a band that put out at least five albums ( so no stone roses , sugar , verve or jane \'s addiction , e.g. ) . here are some of mine , off the top of my head : led zeppelin i , in the court of the crimson king , days of future passed , the doors , boy ( u2 ) , c.s.n. , ca n\'t buy a thrill ( steely dan ) , ten ( pearl jam ) , murmur ( rem ) . i \'m sure there are a number of others that i \'m forgetting . oh yeah , one more : the incredible "" ferment , "" by catherine wheel . the harmonies and swirling lush guitar sounds created by rob dickinson and brian futter , the compelling rhythms generated by dave hawes ( bass ) and neil sims ( percussion ) , it just all works , and is comparable in every way to the extraordinary "" nowhere "" by ride ( not quite as great as "" loveless "" by my bloody valentine ) . unfortunately , c.w. never quite matched the power of "" ferment "" with their subsequent releases . the best song on the album is "" black metallic "" ( "" it \'s the color of her skin / her skin is black metallic "" ) which soars up to the sky , floats in the wind , lands , and soars again . clearly , "" black metallic "" clocks in as the band \'s "" stairway to heaven . "" the second best song on "" ferment "" is . . . well that \'s where it gets tricky , and demostrates how great this album is . there are no weak or even average songs , and i could see where anyone of the others can be considered as a runner up to "" black metallic . "" put a gun to my head and i would have to go with "" shallow "" or maybe "" tumbledown "" or perhaps , if i \'m in a more pop oriented mood , the danceable "" i want to touch you . "" although , last night , as i was listening to the album in preparation for this review , i thought of how strongly it closes with the trio "" "" bill and ben , "" "" salt "" and the uplifting "" balloon "" ( "" ba-ba-ba-ba-balloon "" ) . a wonderful album . perhaps not in my top ten , but definitely in my top twenty ( tied with the aforementioned "" nowhere "" )'
 'it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened'
 'there is not much i can add to these reviews here . just like me , a lot of people here were dissapointed because of the fact that so many classic 2pac songs were remixed only to sound like disasters . why would such an abomination happen ? suge knight is trying to milk the pac legacy until it is bone dry . well at least he has done something right if you ask me . it sucks that this is how we are forced to remember tupac shakur , over tracks chopped up into this . die hard pac fans wo n\'t even like this , if they have n\'t heard it already . i \'m so waiting for a remix album of "" the chronic "" and "" doggystyle "" . if suge knight was smart you would reissue tha dogg pound \'s "" dogg food "" on dual disc , because that is the only reason why i do n\'t have that album yet .'
 ""i did n't think i would like the fragrance , but it 's absolutely wonderful . it 's not too sweet or strong . it smells good on my daughters and me . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed""
 'compared to fp 2000 and earlier versions , it offered some major improvements , even letting one code in ( gasp ) php with live preview - it is highly configurable , and easily tied into sharepoint ( well , i think that was the intent ) . it was quite an evolution , moving beyond fp2000 , with some fairly advanced features - while still retaining the "" entry level , small business learnable "" functionality ( albeit cookie cutter designs ) of previous versions . i was surprised to find it even offered options to strip out all code that hinted this site was made with frontpage ( an odd change , knowing ms ) , but also offered other code functions , some on par with dreamweaver - but do not mistake this for dreamweaver , even the first mx version . it \'s still aimed at microsoft only - you really have to dig and tweak to configure it for anything else ( e.g , php , cold fusion ) - but it does offer some major improvements for flexibility over previous versions . mostly good , some horribly bad . the good - being able to tweak it to dozens of standards \' compliance , sec . 508 , xml\'ish stuff , whatever . by default these things are not set up , so it does take some learning . what annoyed ( and freaked me out ) was that while it easily allowed for desktop development with access , to create database driven sites - the database had to remain in a public folder - ok , i suppose if you \'re using it only on an intranet . i believe the point was to code with access , then mod it slightly to interact with sql server - but most folks probaby did not use it that way - knowing the history and "" fire and forget "" ease of use of frontpage.. . anyhow , i \'d call this a para-professional version . it has way more flexibility and functionality than any version of frontpage , ever . it is also going bye-bye . there will not be a frontpage 2007 , due to the switch to expression web ( which retains some fp functionality , but the "" friendly "" and pesky "" bots "" are gone ) . no more email bots , whatever bots - gotta learn how to roll your own .'
 'everything i need to file my fed and state taxes . i did not expect the deduction pro to be included ; pleasely surprised . i have used taxcut for a few years now . i like the import of previous year tax data ( less typing ) . it seems h&r has an online version . it would be nice if their online version can import data from my purchased version . oh well , maybe next year'
 'this book offers more information about santa claus than it does the gods / godesses associated with the winter soltice . the craft projects are cheesey and the recipes terrible . save your money and do a little research yourself and if you want recipes or craft projects pick up one of those special christmas magazines for ideas you can adapt for a pagan holiday theme .'
 ""hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash .""
 'i bought this cd yesterday and i immediatly knew it was going to rock ! after hearing the title track , go ! , i knew this cd was going to be different then the spice girls cds. it is better . my favorite songs are never be the same again , ga ga , and goin down .'
 ""this movie is not a war movie . it is not remotely related to history either . guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history . since when did american troops in ww ii carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers ? this depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement . enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell ? can we spell bushido ? mallick can't . now , if you like touchy , feely , not the real world aesthetique , have at it . the scenery and photography is quite good .""
 ""i got this as a gift for christmas , and i 've tried it twice so far . both times i get the same result - it does n't work . i understand that with wet hair , it wo n't dry it , obviously . but even with damp hair , as instructed , it does n't get my hair dry . as for the actual straightening aspect , i still end up with frizzy hair that is n't even all that straight . it 's not worth the money - spend the extra bucks and get a chi or infrashine , you 'll be a lot better off""
 'no one alive today cares that ny had fires in 1741 ( unlike the chicago fire of 1871 ) . why did author lepore choose to bring up this terrible racial incident . is she trying to create trouble ? be a traitor to her own race ? book is well researched i guess but the racial subject matter stinks and was unnecessary to bring up ! totally unnecessary !'
 ""i 've used version 2003 and enjoyed it thoroughly . i primarily used it for school with different classes and notes for each . what was great is that is consolidates everything in a way that makes it easy to retrieve your notes . it also makes it easy to generate reports based on the tagging feature . the tags allow you to highlight and gather key points of information that make writing papers a breeze . when working with paper , this was not always an easy task to take on . several weeks ago , i downloaded the trial version of onenote 2007. the improvements are rather subtle , but powerful . it did n't take anything to get comfortable with the new features . after a short time with the trial version i just purchased it because it was so much fun . here are some of the beneficial features : -like a paper notebook you have sections , but with onenote 2007 you can have as many sections as you like . -you can easily link pages to outlook . i have linked appointments to a series of notes and support files for various projects and meetings . it makes being organized for a meeting a breeze . -also , it 's a great way to archive emails in a way that allows you to see them and organize them as you wish . you can empty your in box and at the same time keep a record of important emails . well worth your time . -it is also tablet friendly if you use a tablet pc like i do . i love it for that use . there is a fantastic text recognition feature that works extremely well . if you use a tablet , this is a great feature . -as was with the earlier version , you can add voice content to your notes . that 's right , voice recorded messages can be added to your notes . too cool . before you buy , you might want to go to the microsoft site and download the trial version . you 'll be able to assess for yourself . i think you 'll be pleased . i fond it to be one of the best products for ' electronic file keeping ' that i 've used . for the price , it 's not a bad deal .""
 ""i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair .""
 'you know the music industry is in decline when people are giving this single a perfect rating . run for cover'
 '"" the end of democracy "" ( 2003 ) is the best answer to this theory'
 'like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . "" lonesome dove "" has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n\'t recommend a book any more than this one'
 'many great things have already been said about this lens , and i will support them ! my copy delivers outstanding sharpness ( nearly on par with my 24-70l ) even *wide open* ( rare for a wide angle of all but the finest german manufacturers ) , great color , very little distortion ( many objective tests have revealed that it \'s probably the "" best of breed "" ultra wide angle ) , and impressive contrast . surprisingly , the build quality is not bad : tight fitting mount , damped rings , and no jiggles or rattles . if i were forced to offer a ( slight ) negative , it would be the bokeh of the lens is somewhat "" marbly "" ...however , when shooting a subject with an oof area differential high enough to make bokeh a component of the frame , then the subject is likely going to demand far more attention than the bokeh ! ; ) a fine lens , canon : definitely worth the premium over the sigma and tokina rivals ( both of which i sampled before purchasing this optic )'
 ""this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself .""
 'every time i use the product- - - 3 out of 4 times i receive an error and have to try it agai'
 'the fact that they call this premier is a little overdone . the reality is that this is the "" pro "" version with a few bells and whistles which in most cases do not warrant the additional price'
 ""i was like the previous reviewer . i had rented it and after watching it the first time , purchased it before i had even returned the rental ! i loved the content , it gives one hope and a small glimpse into what lies beyond our human experience . how lovely to know that there is a life we can barely imagine , waiting to be returned to . and i did n't learn this fact from the video , i have been studying this subject for many years and already believe , no i know , that there is more that lies beyond this brief stay on earth . this video illustrates it so beautifully with people who have had a glimpse into that wonderful place that is our true home . people who are dying yet unafraid as they are being shown what is yet to come . my own mother saw her mother as she died . she came to take her home . there is no specific religion addressed here , only the fact that there is more to life than living and dying . and that it is something to be totally unafraid of . in fact physical death is only the beginning of something great ; it is a step in the evolution of our souls""
 'please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard'
 'the overwhelming impression i get from this film is : wow , these guys are alive ! they are not just making their way through a boring life , they \'re out there doing interesting things , doing cool stuff , having adventures & generally living their lives to the fullest . the "" they "" that i refer to includes just about everybody in the movie , from paul pena to the guys travelling with him to richard feynman to the tuvans that paul meets and befriends . the documentary gets hazy in spots ( i \'m still not sure of some of the tuvan inter-relationships ) but does a good job of establishing empathy with pena , a blind man relying on others in a place far from home . the dvd extras are o.k. , the interview with the filmmakers gave some backstory to the movie . i did not watch the film with the filmmakers commentary turned on ; a commentary seems kind of contrary to the purpose of a documentary but i suppose you could get more factual info & technical details on the commentary'
 ""of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot""
 'i do not understand why people are so waxing poetic about this album . there is nothing new or \' fresh \' or \' original \' or at all thought-brovoking about this music , unless you happen to be easily pleased by any simple pseudo-pop sound . i have only recently discovered the world of no-wave music , but i was introduced to it through artists like arab on radar and scissor girls . so when i tried out my first sonic youth album , i was way more than dissapointed . i do n\'t know how this can be classified as no-wave anymore . sure they show some trait in a few wailing off key guitars and an occasioinal shouted spoken word , but they are all only half-assed and are muddled up in cliche indie pop love tunes that have only been done in every other band . the most notable anything is the catchy medlody of becuz . it is really catchy , yet it managaes to be unique enough to rise above the typical "" catchy tunes "" ethos . xiu xiu \'s "" knife play "" would probably be considered more of a pop / no-wave sound that does not sacrifice the aggressive anti-music drive of no-wave.. . and still retain the emotional pop sinsibility . i do n\'t know. . all i know is that wasing machine is a letdown . it does not reach me artistically by a long shot . emotionally , i can think of am million other artists ( mars volta , emerson lake & palmer , clouddead , ulver , edvard greig ! ) who can put me on a much higher cloud and help me get in touch with the human condition . this however is far to cheezy , and i do n\'t know , but i think it reeks of that shallow indie fashion clique. .'
 'do n\'t expect to receive this by christmas even though it says "" in stock "" . i ordered this on dec. 14th and just received word today , the 20th , that it is not expected to ship until the end of january , early february . so if you need it for a specific occasion , do n\'t count on it getting there in time'
 ""purchased a case of bally energy drink since i seemed a bit sluggish after a 12 hour work day and kept making excuses not to work out . gets me up and at em ' and no more excuses for not going for a long walk or trip to the gym ! drank 1 can in the morning @ 5:30 am and another around 3pm . give it a try""
 ""i had to put this review in because of the unfair one previously given . before i purchased this software , i checked out 5-6 of the major fish screensavers out their and this one is by far the most realistic , ( movement , background , lighting , and noise ) . i have two computers , one 800 mhz the other 1.4 ghz processor and the program runs perfect on both . the goldfish screensaver is just as impressive , if you 're into that kind of fish . do n't let other marine / freshwater screen savers fool you by advertising more fish and backgrounds , the quality in all aspects , especially 3d-graphics and color ( which are a must if your looking for realism ) , are poor . i personally thought i 'd like the extra fish and backgrounds ( turtles in particular ) in a competitors screen saver , so i purchased it instead of this one . after trying it , i was very disapointed and luckily i was able to receive a refund . i purchased marine aquariun and have never regretted it since . what 's great is they have a demo on their website your can try out too""
 'i explected the microdermabrasion head to rotate , but instead it vibrates very strongly in your hand . my hands are still buzzing from the night before when i used this product . i would not recommend this product to anyone else , i loved the crystals cream .'
 'i have read other books by alesia holliday and enjoyed them so i looked forward to reading this book . unfortunately , i could not get any farther than the first 25 pages . i even tried diving in further into the book to see if it got better and i still could not read more than 5 pages without turning away . the best i can do to pin down why i dislike it so much is to say that it tries too hard . no character seems to even approach reality . they are all , including the main character and her love interest , over the top'
 ""before using colorvision spyder2 my monitor was calibrated with the free adobe gamma program installed as part of adobe photoshop . my monitor looked great and the photos i printed looked great too . the colors were spot on . after using spyder2 express my monitor looks worse . my monitor appears dim , the color temperature is too warm and colors look green and dull . if i had known it was going to ruin my already great looking monitor i would n't have wasted my time . my hope was that it would make my monitor look better , not worse . i am not at all satisfied with this product would n't recommend buying it . instead try adobe gamma or look for other free monitor calibration software tools online""
 ""this is not the most recent version for this software . do an online search , check the manufacturer 's web site and you 'll find it cheaper for the latest version""
 'denzel washington is probably my favorite actor . even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate , he shone . tom hanks ? well , lemme quit hating the guy . this is a well-intentioned movie , tom did a creditable job , and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached . i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy . a passionate one , though , since he \'s still a latino , after all . actually , this is a hollywood "" message movie , "" and you know what that means . it \'s about as subtle as michael moore . those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours . those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie , those who do n\'t agree with the message , stay as far away from it as possible . there \'s a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy . the way they stared at him reminded me of "" lao wei in china "" experiences . denzel \'s character was reminded of segregation , even though he \'s too young to remember it , and started to care about tom hanks \' character . aids discrimination is bad . actually , any discrimination at all is bad . and that \'s the movie \'s message . i agree with the message , but still . that \'s all we \'ve got . as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter , if the name "" sam francisco "" means anything to you , you \'ve seen subtle commentary on discrimination . i love a great courtroom drama . this one was merely good . with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film , they had to take a few shortcuts here . sad , ai n\'t it ? but even so , a well-intentioned film that i \'m glad i saw . once . not twice . once is enough , thank you .'
 ""i have been working for a major daily newspaper in baltimore for 2 decades . perhaps that will qualify me as an expert in photography . i have been shooting digital imagery since the late 1990s . maybe that qualifies me as an expert in digital photography . this may be long - winded , but it 's extensive and can be useful . i received the nikon d2h camera - - 2 bodies total - - over one year ago . i think i got them shortly after the d2h system was released in 2003. since then , i have used them to shoot images of all types - - documentary , sports , daytime , available light , flash , and dead - of - night - - for the paper i work for . this is the only camera i work with . first , please read the manual . there is a ton of information there , and the information is terrific to begin with . the d2h is highly - configurable , with screen after screen that you can set for your own specific use ( resist lending the camera to anyone for a long period of time , for your camera may be returned with many of your settings changed so much that it acts like a thoroughly different camera ) . i 'll just punch right in to the way it feels . the camera is a rather heavy beast , and for some , there can be an amount of shoulder or neck fatigue when using it for hours per day , like i do . but the camera feels well in hand and the controls are easy to move through . i 've long since given up using any camera bag . all i have are a fanny pack for a 14mm , 55mm , teleconverters and 2 extra camera batteries and flashes clipped to its belt . and the d2h 's hold the 17-35mm nikon and the 80-200mm nikon one - touch or the sigma 120-300mm 2 - touch . shooting is a breeze . the batteries let you shoot long before the need to recharge . i have my d2h set on iso 200 or 400 most of the time and sacrifice shutter speed for lower iso as often as i can , because the higher isos bring digital noise and a loss in color saturation . just today , i purchased digital noise plug ins for photoshop to limit this , and that 's a wonderful thing to invest in with this camera when you must shoot action photography with no flash at iso 800 and above . i now have little problems with capturing images in even barely - limited lighting . i recently shot stars and a plane wing from my seat of an airbus at 36 , 000 feet over the pacific at 30 seconds wide open @ f / 2.8 , and it looks tons better than night shots via the d1h , which lacked the internal digital noise filter . that filter kicks in at around 1 / 2 second and longer exposures , and can make you wait as long as your image you 've shot to strip your long exposure of much of the digital noise . when you shoot this way ( and in general ) , do n't simply react by cranking up iso because you will not be happy with your results . the camera can be loud . at over 7 frames per second , it can make you obvious in a quiet room . shooting sensitive situations can be testy , so limit your shooting to single frames . i wish this camera had an option to silence this camera , but since the mirror has to raise and lower , there 's no chance to do this . am i happy with the d2h ? definitely , yes . are there improvements that can be made ? yes . but the benefits outweigh the drawbacks . people have been bailing out of using the nikon system and going canon , which has some incredible gear , i wo n't deny that . but instead of simply giving up on your system of equipment , learn how to use the d2h well and you 'll be much happier than ever . and that means you should push its qualities to the max while respecting its limitations . for instance , white balance . this can be the best thing for you , or the worst thing you 've ever dealt with , depending upon how you approach it . daylight , grey skies , dusk and dawn are easy , because you can set the camera to daylight , flash , shadow ( for dusk and dawn times ) and even the fluorescent and incandescent tend to be right in the ballpark . but the horrible mixed light or the street lamps that glow blue / green or orange - red from mercury vapor can be the death of an image if you do n't properly use white balance . preset white balance is king , here . i can get grey , black and white when i preset in mercury vapor light . and i used the preset for any light that the auto white balance setting ca n't figure . there is also a setting to dial in kelvin temps as well ! if you do this ( and i can go on for miles here ) , you 're on your way . so , with trying this d2h , or considering it , read through some of the digital d2h forums and ignore the posts that slam the camera without giving instances . generally , those who pan the camera have not tried to understand it . i can bang off images to disprove where they suggest this camera will fail . when you have decent light , you 'll have a decent image . but when you try to use it without learning how you can maximize the system , you will come about shooting images that are terrible and unprintable . in closing , i have not been paid by anyone , i have no nikon stock and have no outside interest in writing this except that i 'm giving the d2h credit where it 's long overdue""
 'just like any other minidv tape . good pric'
 ""if i could give it 0 star , i would . my humble opinion is that kaspersky is not better than norton at slowing down your computer . one brand new computer , plenty of space and memory . one old computer but with plenty of space and memory as well . each time kaspersky updates , i ca n't open outlook express nor explorer . well , the programs do open actually but i have time to vacuum and dust before they 're launched . i used the repair fonction and uninstalled and reinstalled without any improvement . samwis""
 'i \'ve been a loyal user of systemworks ( also "" utilities "" & antivirus ) for many years , frequently buying upgrades as i moved through various windows oss . the latest verison ( 2006 ) has been a big disappointment . 1 ) the "" integrator "" repeatedly crashes ( and "" must shut down "" ) . i was told to reintall ( it took 4 hours ) . tech support ( email ) was slow and barely intelligible . 2 ) the full scan now takes over 8 hours on a modest sized system . 3 ) the utilities have not been substantially improved in 5 years 4 ) the rebate ( for upgrade users ) came in the form of a debit card , not a check . ( what a hassle ! i do n\'t want any more "" plastic "" ! ) 5 ) turning the norton protection off substantially speeds up my pc . what the heck is going on back there ? during the next year , i \'ll be looking for a new anti-virus support product . cheers , joh'
 'first of all , the trailer was the best part of the movie & had me expecting a totally different story ... second , the story i got turned out to be the "" grinch who stole christmas "" crossed with "" it \'s a wonderful life "" ( the latter of which was even more boring than this hokey remake ) & does n\'t that therefore make "" santa clause 3 "" so cliche & so done before ? ! third , the kids in the audience seemed to enjoy it , but man was i bored ! ( & i actually enjoyed the original santa clause , so i ca n\'t blame the boredom factor on the fact that this is supposed to be a kids \' movie ... ) fourth , i found the christmas council to be extremely offensive ( read : inappropriately pagan for a movie that is ostensibly about christmas ) . *****whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! *****spoiler alert ! spoiler alert ! *****read no farther if you have n\'t already seen the movie ! ***** fifth , i found jack frost \'s conversion to be ... zzzzzzzzzzz whazzat ? oof . i must have dozed off for a minute . sorry . now what was i saying ? oh yeah . poor , pitiful , evil jack frost . ( ho hum ) would n\'t it have been much better to kill him off than convert him ? i mean , come on . is the converted jack frost supposed to be an improvement ? yucky . he \'s disgusting ! i liked him much better as a villain . better hair . better duds . i say : just freeze him off next to a wooly mammoth & be done with him . or bring him back in next year \'s sequel ( because you know there \'s going to be one ) . for goodness \' sake . do we always have to embrace our inner icicle ? ( hurl ) & sixth - - not only jack - - but there was so much about this movie that just did n\'t make sense ! ( yawn ) okay , i \'m done with it . it \'s not even worth the time i took for it ...'
 ""my main motivation in seeing this movie was to better understand the reputation of echo park , a little area nestled next to downtown los angeles . i moved to echo park in late 2004. it 's depressing - the vicious cycle of drugs , dropping-out , and domestic violence . and it 's all here , told through the eyes of latina teenagers . it was easy to see the woman 's hand on the direction of the piece with the important roles that women played . i did n't care for the movie as a whole because it felt sluggish and uneven . i also found myself not caring about any of the characters . so-and-so gets shot , la la loo goes to jail . whatever ! as an aside , though , the evil neighborhood druglord was called ernesto . it turns out my next-door neighbor in real-life is also called ernesto . luckily , it 's just a coincidence""
 'we absolutely loved "" cloudy with a chance of meatballs "" ( i highly recommend it ) but this is nowhere near as good . most of the story is just rehashing the original book , with a little politically-correct "" let \'s ship the extra food to the hungry "" thrown in . lame'
 'i bought this for a boy of 12 who goes to school in german . he speaks english at home with his mother . i think that this game will help him with his english'
 'a vitamin is a vitamin but when you pay half price then you have something'
 ""this thing is perfect for carrying your stuff around in a not-so-fattening way . i hvae an external flash , macro kit , 28-80 lens , 50mm lens , 18-55mm lens , dslr w / batt grip and 75-300mm lens attached all fit into the main body of this thing . everything is seperated by the dividers making me feel confident and safe while walking , hiking , biking , etc. the addon pouches seem to make it a bit more bulking that you 'd want , but the bag all by itself is fantastic and i ca n't recommend it enough - get away from huge bulky shoulder bags ! ! lowepro did it again""
 ""i just want to slap who ever keeps coming out with these.hard.okay , there are some song that deserve this.to be ruined by off key 10-year-olds with annoying high squeaky voices.but come on ! they killed ' my immortal ' ! that is a beautiful song ! i 'm listning to it as i write this ! and also , little 6-year-olds cannot properly appreciate it ! and , let 's face it , ' my immortal ' is not exactly a kiddie song.i mean , do you want your little 4-year-old boy listning to ' your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams , your voice it chased away all the sanity in me , these wounds wo n't seem to heal , this pain is just too real , there 's just too much that time cannot erase ' ? please , stop buying this crap ! not only do they ruin the great songs of our generation , but they also put on some really innapropriate songs.i mean , come on ! go look up the lyrics to ' toxic ' ! that is definatly not a good song for little children . of corse , the only reason any child would like this is because their older sibling listens to it.then someone should sit them down and explain why this is not for them . die kidz bop""
 'this is a good cartoon for competition with rocket robin hood hope they come to quick agreable turms ... msp.. . didnt see the black wolf or fox ? ?'
 'this joke book suks . if i can give it any star i want , i would give it a -10 stars . i never actually bought it , but i borrowed it from a friend . i needed a joke book for my anouncements on the intercom every morning , and it only lasted 3 days and i ran out of good jokes . some of the jokes arnt appropriate and most of them dont make sense . if your gonna buy a joke book , dont buy this'
 'camera worked great for us for 6 months . easy to use , decent pictures and good software . the battery life was fine for our use . it quit working at six months and would no longer focus and is now useless . for a six month disposable camera its a little expensive .'
 'the product did just what i wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . i had an earlier version of nero but it would not do this .'
 'this is a copy of the review on amazon.com for van zant \'s get right with the man which is another sony corrupted title . "" this cd secretly installs drm ( digital rights management ) software on your pc without your permission . not only does it do this , but the software then hides itself by installing as a "" root kit . "" as per wikipedia , - - root kit from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . a root kit is a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system . these tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . root kits are known to exist for a variety of operating systems such as linux , solaris and versions of microsoft windows . a rootkit typically hides logins , processes , files , and logs and may include software to intercept data from terminals , network connections , and the keyboard . in many sources , rootkits are counted as trojan horses . - - in this instance , sony installs drm software to copy protect their cd , and prevent it from being copied to various devices , all the while not telling you , the user , or letting you uninstall it because it hides itself from the user and windows . manually trying to uninstall it like some people have done , results in their cd-rom drives disappearing entirely from windows , as sony installs their own custom cd-rom drivers onto the system . do not support this wreckless kind of copy protection . show the music business this is *your* music . *you* purchased it , and they should *not* be able to dictate how you can use it . do not buy this cd . "" a list of affected titles can be found here : http : / / www.eff.org / deeplinks / archives / 004144.php and another part of an amazon.com review for the van zant cd "" amazon rocks . they pulled they infected cd \'s from sale and allowed these reviews that tell of the problems . shame on sony they not only messed with the consumers but also the artists . "" trey anastasio , shine ( columbia ) celine dion , on ne change pas ( epic ) neil diamond , 12 songs ( columbia ) our lady peace , healthy in paranoid times ( columbia ) chris botti , to love again ( columbia ) van zant , get right with the man ( columbia ) switchfoot , nothing is sound ( columbia ) the coral , the invisible invasion ( columbia ) acceptance , phantoms ( columbia ) susie suh , susie suh ( epic ) amerie , touch ( columbia ) life of agony , broken valley ( epic ) horace silver quintet , silver \'s blue ( epic legacy ) gerry mulligan , jeru ( columbia legacy ) dexter gordon , manhattan symphonie ( columbia legacy ) the bad plus , suspicious activity ( columbia ) the dead 60s , the dead 60s ( epic ) dion , the essential dion ( columbia legacy ) natasha bedingfield , unwritten ( epic ) ricky martin , life ( columbia ) ( labeled as xcp , but , oddly , our disc had no protection'
 'adobe audition is my favorite program . i use it more than any other program i have on my computer . i have used it to restore thousands of old phonograph discs . i am only giving them one star because i ca n\'t give them no stars for this joke . i knew this was going to happen . i had been using cool edit pro for a long time when adobe bought it and i knew that they were going to turn it into an adobe product and screw it all up . i am very fortunate that i went to adobes web site and downloaded the free trail version . i would have been really upset if i had actually paid money for this dog . lets start with the boot up time . i own a 2 year old average laptop and audition 1.5 used to boot in about 2 seconds . 2.0 takes 20 seconds . that is almost as long as photoshop or premiere pro . next we have the user interface . they destroyed it . and the old one worked so well . adobe is really hung up about making absolutely everything a "" palette "" and so now every little thing is a palette , allowing you to resize and relocate them to your hearts desire . but after about a half an hour of trying i \'ll be darned if i could not make the 2.0 interface remotely resemble the 1.5 interface . the shortcuts buttons have been removed ( wow that makes a lot of sense ) , however you can get it back if you look long enough for the place to do it . ( do n\'t bother to right-click anything , in their imperial wisdom right-clicking is now pretty useless . ) but if you do put the shortcuts back up they are now all black and white and it is really difficult to find the one you want . in place of the shortcuts they added some icons that i have yet to figure out or to need . what are they thinking ? ? ? ? a lot of the presets have been reconfigured and trying to figure them out gave me a headache . after several hours of playing with this pile of garbage i decided to uninstall it and return to using 1.5.'
 ""has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones""
 'i bought it 15 days back and it broke when i am chopping onion. . but its great to cut soft vegetables and even carrot is also good. . but i couldnt cut onions as mentioned. . probably we have to buy the onions from them hahhahaha.. . i dont suggest buying it for onions. . coz i bought only for onions so that i could save my tears'
 'money has built in value for the none accoundant person . with little or no training a novice can become familar with this software in a very short time . microsoft has a winner'
 'when it comes to big star \'s 70 \'s output , you can call me a hopeless fanboy , because after listening to in space , it seems that only a hopeless fanboy would think that thirty-some-years later , exactly one-half of the classic big star lineup could- --or in forever difficult alex chilton \'s case , would be so inclined- --to attempt to recapture the lightning-in-a-bottle transcedent pop magic that made those 70s discs so great . this disc has way more in common with chilton \'s oft-times difficult , mostly self-indulgent solo work than with any of big star \'s previous fascinating pop near-perfection . while i \'ll admit that i have enjoyed a good chunk of chilton \'s solo work , ( in a slightly guilty , rolling-my-eyes , "" oh...that alex ! "" sorta way.. . ) my musical sensibilities are somehow offended by the fact that this group and that this particular collection of songs are presented as "" big star . "" in space is connected musically to the original big star by little more than the fact that two of the same guys in this band were in that band . if you do n\'t expect much , you wo n\'t be disappointed .'
 'although many reviewers did n\'t like the second part of the "" hills "" , i still would n\'t call it "" one of the worst sequels ever "" or "" the worst wes craven film "" . certainly this is not a masterpiece , even in the framework of horror genre , but i do n\'t see why it should be worse than any other slasher flick . when i was watching it , i came to a conclusion early wes craven had been imitating other directors rather often . i \'m not saying he was not original at all - eventually he shot "" a nightmare on elm street "" in 1984. but "" the hills have eyes "" were reminiscent of "" texas chainsaw massacre "" , and in the beginning of 80s , when slasher era started , i guess craven decided to make something in the same manner . maybe the reason was craven \'s long-time buddy sean cunningham created "" friday the 13th "" in 1980 , and wes was envious ? : ) anyway the second part of "" the hills have eyes "" turned out to be a pure slasher like many others at that time . and it obviously was n\'t the worst and in many ways was like above mentioned "" friday the 13th "" : the score was written by harry manfredini , known to every "" friday "" fan , and the music in "" hills 2 "" is just like in early "" fridays "" . the body count increased comparing to the first part and approached a regular slasher movie . kevin blair who had a leading male part here , would star in "" friday the 13th part vii "" a couple of years later along with kane hodder , who did stunts for "" the hills have eyes 2 "" and in "" friday "" would play you know whom . of course here we can see some stupidities as in other slasher movies ( like characters wandering in night all alone instead of sticking together , all the big strong guys get killed , and a handicapped girl survives - i \'m not even considering it as a spoiler for it is obvious from the very beginning , especially if you \'ve seen a couple of horror films in your life ) , but is that a problem for a true horror fan ? we \'ve learned not to take this trivia into account . so i think "" the hills have eyes 2 "" managed on many levels , and it would be interesting to have it in your collection , if you have the first one . for they are two totally different films talking about the subgenres of horror .'
 'i would recommend this book to anyone studying & quot ; romeo and juliet . &quot ; i would have never made it through english class without this book'
 ""very slow storage even with a fast card....small but too thick for comfortable handling . i ended up selling it on ebay and buying a canon sd600 which is a great camera , thin enough to fit in your shirt pocket , fast storage of images and the battery lasts a very long time . i 've charged it once and have taken many many holiday pictures . do n't buy the nikon without first checking out the canon sd600.""
 ""( david 1930 's mobster ) ...... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935. there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster )""
 ""i 'm a black male and everytime i would shave normally i would get irritated skin and ingrown hairs . at first i 'd feel a little itch throughout the day and by the end of the day i 'd see these tiny little bumps with white heads ( about 10-20 of them ) . that was before . now after i apply the product i do n't have the itch nor do the tiny bumps come up anymore . it just feels like i never had any hair on my face in the first place . the only bad thing about this product is that it burns slightly but i do n't really care i mean it 's not like the product claims to be painless .""
 ""i love this turban . it enables me to dry my hair without wearing a huge towel on my head . it 's lightweight and extremely absorbant . i have been using one for more than 5 years . i 'll never go back to usung a regular towel for my hair""
 'i use three razors . last year \'s model of this braun , a triple blade rotary from the leading manufacturer of rotary razors and standard double edged disposables from the major manufacturer of razors . ok , now , let \'s do some math . i get 10 great shaves from a disposable razor . i pay , on average , 40c or so for a disposable razor . that is about a nickel a shave including the shave cream . at a nickel a shave , it would take 3000 shaves before i would spend $150. would take me over 8 years . now , anyone that says any electric razor shaves better than a double edged high quality blade razor ( not even the expensive triple edged ones , just cheap disposables ) is dreaming . the blace does a much better job and much faster . but , sometimes , they can irritate the skin , but electrics can too . i can get irritated by both , sooooo , i rotate between them , and find that reduces my skin irritation problem quite well . i bought this braun ( last year \'s model ) after reading the positive reviews here , and later bought a rotary razor . the basic difference is that the cheap model rotary from that major manufacturer is much quieter , shaves just as well , and cost me about 1 / 3 the price . the only thing that is better in the braun is the battery lasts longer . it is possible also , that in some cases , it gives a slightly closer shave than the rotary , but it also tends to miss spots no matter how many times i go over them . the braun also has a problem with my beard when it is longer , like when i have two to three days growth . the rotary and disposable razor breeze through that three day bush . the cleaning machine / charger that comes with the braun is a joke . yes , it cleans the razor great , but it is way oversized and you need a large space for it in your bathroom . even then , say you have that larger space , you can pay between $5.00 and $8.00 each for the cleaning cartridges . i have found they last about a month before drying out . add $60 to your annual cost to just clean your razor . the rotary cleans fine with a brush and the disposable razors with water . finally , the switch that turns on the razor is right where you hold the razor and it also locks the blade . so i am constantly locking the blade position by accident . inexcusable design flaw in a razor this price . do n\'t get me wrong . this razor shaves fine . it works best on short beards and works better than cheap razors . but for $50 you can get a better rotary razor and for $150 you can shave for over 8 years with a disposable twin blade . does the price difference sound rational to you ? if it does , click "" proceed to order ""'
 'my 16-year-old daughter used this on problem acne on her back and shoulders with noticeable results by the second day - existing blemishes healed , no new break-out . she \'s excited . no harsh benzoyl peroxide ( active ingredient is salicylic acid ) . the body scrub has the little exfoliating "" beads "" in it ( not mentioned on the bottle ) - so it makes skin feel smooth immediately . and the fragrance is very light , clean ( gender-neutral ) . also , it \'s very concentrated , so it goes a long way - making it easily worth the money as far as any body wash goes ( and amazon \'s price is better than the in-store price ) . of course , everyone is different when it comes to acne treatments - but it worked here .'
 ""a film that 's a little like trying to find your way out of a house of mirrors or an attempt to reassemble an image once it has been split by a prism . since nothing is as it seems , we may as well be inside a fictionalized world ; like the unicorn story the main character , cathryn , is writing . this fantasy is read aloud throughout the film creating a framework whose only relevance to the story unfolding , is to reassure us that we have stepped into a world that is a creation of the imagination ; however , the fact that is comes from the mind of a schizophrenic is hardly reassuring . a glance at the cast of characters hints that they are not necessarily who or what they seem ( hugh is played by rene , rene is played by marcel who is played by hugh . cathryn is played by susannah and susannah plays cathryn ) . insanity is not an ordering principle of the mind , but rather a vain attempt to put order to an ever-changing palette of images that may or may not be reflections of images within the mind instead of outside . a very atmospheric film made more so by the disturbing score that is not altogether in sync with the action , another technique that constantly keeps the viewer off balance""
 ""ok , first of all oct fri the 13th i finally saw this movie in 3d , sigh i can die happy ! ok this one is really pretty awesome . chris plays a great leading girl ( the only f-13 leadi didnt want to see with an axe in her skull ) . the other characters are pretty harmless too . wev'e got bikers ( snort ) , pothead hippies , a fro 'd chubster and a dude who can walks on his hands better than he can act . plus this came out in the early 80 's so the ratings board didnt demolish all the awesome gore scenes . i give this one a high-5 ! cool deaths , funny scenes and aside from chris 's sherbert pants , some decent 80 's fashion too . yo debbie , i want your bikini , too cuuute .""
 'i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses'
 'i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands'
 'this book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in colonial america : how they played , what their education was like , what they wore , etc. the information is drawn from such primary sources as letters , journals and school primers . there are a number of pictures as well . i recommend it'
 ""it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product""
 'if you have an older systemworks loaded , nsw will go to remove the older go back version . if it does , ( depending on your system ) ok . however , if it wants you to go to symantek web site and download a go back removal toll , beware . i downloaded it and ran it and it stated it wanted to restart my system . what it did was screw up the partition and crashed the system . go back puts your data in a seperate partition . symantek knows about this and has a "" fix "" you run before loading nsw , but they did n\'t let anyone know that it may crash your system . on an older pc , without windows restore tool , it works ok . however , if you have a newer pc with a windows resotre loaded and then have an older nsw go back loaded , it will crash your pc if you use their go back removal tool . emailed symantec twice , they stated they would get back in 7 days - never did . hope you have better luc'
 'this book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is , how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis , etc. however , i do n\'t want to live with ra , i want to recover from it . as such , this book offers no help in this regard . it tells me about drugs that i can take and splints that i can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled , but offers me no hope of recovery . in contrast , the book "" conquering arthritis "" by barbara allan , is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease , to get their life back . and succeeded ! i \'m well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book . now that \'s a book well worth spending your money on'
 ""i wonder if they 'll continue this to focus on the kid , the father , and the other people ? who really cares to be honest - such trash""
 'this software is wonderful ! i have been trying to find a good program to scrapbook digitally for many years . i \'ve tried broderbund ( sp ? ) whose interface was too clumsy , nova which was rather difficult at times ( many things you ca n\'t do ) and now this . when i first took this out of the package and installed it i thought i had made the wrong decision with this software since there were very , very few backgrounds , templates or embellishements even when i opened the xtras cds that came with this . i truly did not feel the xtras cds were worth purchasing since there are very few things on them . but then i found the tutorials that are included on the cd and watched the one about making collages . i did n\'t get halfway through the video - i had figured out how to do it . i have now created some of the best scrapbook pages i \'ve ever made . within hours i had a beautiful collage / letter to send with my holiday cards . my husband \'s first impression was a heartfelt "" it \'s lovely "" . what has so throughly convinced me of the abilities of this software is that i can take any image and make it a background , i can create and manipulate text almost any way i want , i \'ve been able to create my own embellishments as well as using downloaded embellishments from websites that sell it ( .png format ) . i feel like i have no limitations on what i can do now . i imagine this software is not as sophistacated as adobe illustrator , but then it probably is n\'t as complicated to use ( from what i remember that program has a rather steep learning curve ) . you can also use the eyedropper tool to "" pick up "" any color from any picture , background , or element ( read "" anything "" ) in the program . i was able to take the background colors and make embellishments that matched ! i can take a color from one of my pictues and make a background that matches . you can also remove backgrounds from photos - it takes a bit of time to do , but the area around the image will be transparent - this functionality has many uses . you can also save your files in many different formats including .jpg for file sharing , etc. there are so many more features i could n\'t possibly list them here , nor would you want me too ( too much time ) . if you only use premade templates and do n\'t feel ready to venture out on your own yet this software may not be for you unless you find a website that sells templates for this software . you could start with something like nova scrapbook factory deluxe 3.0 , which i liked , and when you start becoming really frustrated by its limiations it may be time to move up to this program . you may also want to read a book about digital scrapbooking to give you ideas and alert you to possibilities . the great thing about this program is that it is n\'t just for scrapbooking . you can do all your photo manipulation in it . i have always liked paint shop pro so much that i have n\'t been able to afford to upgrade my copy since version 6 , but i kept using that version . i \'m so glad i got version 10 as it is very user friendly too . but please know that version 10 ( which comes with this package ) is not the most recent version . version 11 is out now . if you do n\'t want / need the xtras cds that come with this package you may want to just buy the most recent version and buy some embellishements from a website that makes .png files ( portable network graphics format ) or make your own . i hope you have as much fun with this software as i am having . i highly recommend the training videos on the cd - they really help'
 'i recieved my product in a reasonable amount of time and i am happy with the product .'
 ""this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie""
 ""i 've been listening to satoshi tomiie for a long time and this is definetly one of his best cd 's yet . its one of those cd 's that is a must have before a road trip . just play it and let it ride . from beginning to end it keeps your ears on high alert just waiting for that next track to hit . before you know it your at the end , but who says you cant just hit repeat and start the ride all over again .""
 ""this movie isnt worth the time to read this review . it sucks and i 'm a big trinity fan . my advice is keep searchin""
 ""the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is the number one best selling book in the galaxy for many reasons . one it is slightly cheaper than others , but most important is that it has the words'do n't panic ' written in bold letters on the cover . the story of the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy revolves around this remarkable book . this story strangely begins when the earth is destroyed by a vogon construction fleet clearing the way for a hyper space express way . the last earthman , arthur dent , is saved by his best friend ford prefect , who is actually an alien that comed from a small palnet somewhere in the vecinity of betelgeuse . they are soon thrown out of an air lack and rescued by the heart of gold using the infinate improbability drive . inside they meet up with zaphod beeblebrox , the two headed , three armed president of the galaxy , trillian , an earthwoman who arthur failed to pick up and wnt with zaphod , and marvin , a parinoid android . this book tells of there amazing adventures throughought the galaxy . these adventures involve mice , an abandonded planet , a rather suprised sperm whale , and the number 42. i loved this book for many reasons . one reason is that it is filled with unexpected humor . another is that it gives a good spin on life . i could always count on this book to cheer me up . do n't just stop with this book there are many others in this series .""
 'this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program'
 ""building a library of oldies to listen to just would n't be complete without this album .""
 'the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof .'
 'i have to admit , i expected a lot more from mr setzer . the first track was ok , then it proceeded to go down hill from there . not much rockabilly happening , then it all comes clear with "" really rockabilly "" when he slags off all his traditional rockabilly fans...world wide . he even gives us aussies a serv , even though i do n\'t think he has ever set foot here . if brian wants to turn his back on rockabilly and try swing , jazz , rock or whatever , then go ahead , but why slag your old fans ? . it \'s the last time i buy one of his cds without listening to it first'
 'i \'ve had norton anti-virus since 2002 on my 2002 dell machine which meets teh program requirements . its gotten so slow as to be really annoying to use . it takes 30+ seconds to open a 2 page word document . when norton is updating the virus file , the machine slows to a crawl , instead of downloading quietly ( and a bit slower ) in the back ground its slowed the machine to such a great extent that we do n\'t use sleep mode anymore because when the machine is woken up it can take 10 minutes on a dsl to update . its so slow that i am trying kaspersky 6.0. i do n\'t know if thats better or worse , but since i do n\'t go to "" dangerous "" sits or perfom lots of downloads its got to be better than teh current state . the way i look at it - with norton anti-virus my machine functions 100% of the time as if its being slowed by a virus . anything is bette'
 ""chicane should just stop releasing material under that guise ever again . fftmc and bts were lush and beautiful productions . nicks latest attempts have been pathetic...from a musical standpoint and from a professional production standpoint...even his older ' pop ' remixes for other artists were better than this rubbish he 's doing these days...no , we 're not saying recycle the older productions , but instead it 's a matter of putting the effort and ' originality ' in the profuctions...a signature if you will...and hey , it does n't have to pigeon hole you if done with class...yes , how the mighty have fallen.. . oh brother. .""
 'this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped'
 ""this lens does exactly what it should . the overall quality is extremely good . take a look at my photos : - first photo is without the lens - second photo is with the lens and flash - third photo is with the lens and without flash there are a few things to note about the photos : - there is a substantial amount of barrel distortion . this is normal . try not to have straight lines near the borders of the photo to make it less obvious . - fringing is exaggerated . you notice fringing ( purple or blue tints ) along high contrast edges of objects that are near the borders . you can see this on regular shots but is more exaggerated with the wide angle lens . - the lens makes a shadow when using the built-in flash . you can see the shadow in the photo with the flash . in a darker environment , it is very obvious . the external flash is the only way to fix this . a couple details : - you can get an extender that is a nice brushed aluminum here : http : / / www.lensmateonline.com / s2.html - the camera has a setting ( converter ) to indicate that you have the lens attached . it 's not obvious what it does but it is indicated by a change in the image stabilization icon so i assume that it affects the way that image stabilization works . overall , i recommend this lens""
 ""i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago""
 ""this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner .""
 ""this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !""
 'the opening song "" cups "" by the salt lake city orchestra was one of the first songs i downloaded on my ipod . it is such a great mix ! i just love it ! oh yeah.. . and the rest of the cds are n\'t bad either.. . ; - )'
 ""i hate to be rude but i have been building with frontpage 2002 for years . it has so many templates and features but i thought it was time for an upgrade . i am thankful that the original frontpage is still running on my laptop or i do n't think my latest sites would be up yet . sorry , i do n't mean to be mean . it may be like other programs that you can get training or have to take a class to do the things that frontpages just does automatically . i 'm sure it is fine as a stand alone creator software but to call it an upgrade , i do n't know .""
 ""periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans""
 ""i do n't know , but. . i could n't get myself to swallow it . it made me , literally , vomit . i wish i just ordered power bar 's vanilla-yoghurt flavored one , which tastes fantastic and i love so very much . anyway , probably it 's just me but , it really really makes me sick. . i thought i would taste something new but oh well. .""
 'why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .'
 ""i watched this film at the suggestions of a friend...had to watch it again the very next night and have seen it several times since . it 's so nice to watch a film where people are acutally nice to each other and there is no offensive language or elicit scenes . just recently learned of some friends in a very similar situation and recommended the film to them to help work throught the emotions they are having . livvy , a young and educated woman finds herself pregnant shortly following the death of her mother . the father of her baby leaves the scene and livvy 's father insists that she will not have a child out of wedlock and so arranges her marriage to a lonely farmer in a very rural area of colrado . ray ( the farmer ) is shy and reserved , but was brought up with high moral values and treats livvy like she is something special . the rest of the movie develops the story of how ray and livvy get acquainted and eventually fall in love , even though that was not livvy 's original intention . i think the film has a powerful message about forgiveness and forbearance . i have purchased several copies and love to share it with friends . i highly recommend it ! ! ! !""
 'this was part of the marvel action hour along with iron man . at first , the animation and dialogue was pretty bad and they had annoying supporting characters , but the series remain true to the comics . the story lines they took from the comics were done very well , like episodes involving the silver surfer'
 'i am a chess player myself , so i can endorse this even more . this software is well designed , it can get a little difficult to get to some exercises inside it , but kids can figure it out eventually . my son has improved his play quite a bit even though he takes hints sometimes : ) , but this is a good software to get the kids started and teach them all the requisite skills to become a chess playe'
 'what is remarkable about this onetime best-selling book - - which could well be described as a coming-of-age-without-coming-of-age novel - - is not that fitzgerald produced it when he was all of 24. nope , the amazing thing here is that the same writer produced "" the great gatsby "" a mere five years later . "" this side of paradise "" is a mess : it is as uneven , affected , feebly pretentious and relentlessly immature as its hero , the tiresomely self-conscious young minnesotan-gone-to-princeton amory blaine . ( one suspects , in fact , that had fitzgerald abandoned his muddled third-person narrative altogether and rendered the work instead as amory \'s diary the result would have been considerably more readable - - or the book \'s structural and methodological flaws considerably more forgivable , at least . ) that the novel was a roaring success upon publication in 1920 - - it was to prove the most popular book , in terms of sales , ever produced by its author - - presumably speaks to the public \'s recognition of something new and revealing in it . okay , amory blaine may well have been the original jazz age prototype ; and the drinking and shameless smooching ( etc. ) that he and his prep school and princeton friends indulge in at various points in the novel were probably , one can accept , a revelation to see in print ( and likely a titillating one ) for an american audience raised on mcguffy \'s readers - - and ready for some sort of great departure after the great war . welp , here it comes : "" on the triangle trip amory had come into constant contact with that great current american phenomenon , the ` petting party . \' none of the victorian mothers-and most of the mothers were victorian-had any idea how casually their daughters were accustomed to be kissed . "" to the reader at a remove of some 80-plus years this is , of course , very small beer . what was alarming frankness in 1920 tends to read now , in the best cases of the paradise narrative , as unalarming quaintness . while this is not exactly fitzgerald \'s "" fault "" , so to speak , it is also true that the use of "" shocking revelations "" of this type - - scandals specific to a place and time - - represents a risk a writer takes : the march of history may or may not reveal something lasting and / or universal in such episodes . in any event , the price the reader pays here , in slogging through the meandering narrative which surrounds amory \'s adventures in quaintness during the nascent roaring twenties , is very , very high for payoffs of such modest proportions . i mean , come on : "" for years afterward when amory thought of eleanor he seemed still to hear the wind sobbing around him and sending little chills into the places beside his heart . the night when they rode up the slope and watched the cold moon float through the clouds , he lost a further part of him that nothing could restore ; and when he lost it he also lost the power of regretting it . eleanor was , say , the last time evil crept close to amory under the mask of beauty , the last weird mystery that held him with wild fascination and pounded his soul to flakes . "" yikes . i do n\'t care what new generation you \'re talking about , can a flake-pounded soul really represent much of an innovation to anybody ? ( can it represent anything to anybody ? ) there are things to like , even admire , here and there in paradise . fitzgerald gets off a few of the wonderfully epigrammatic lines that were to become a trademark ( e.g. , "" they slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered . "" "" sometimes i wish i \'d been an englishman ; american life is so damned dumb and stupid and healthy . "" "" it \'s better to leave the blustering and tremulo-heroism to the middle classes ; they do it so much better . "" ) and the political incorrectness of some of the narrator \'s observations is , in its now-curious way , refreshingly , bracingly funny : "" slowly and inevitably , yet with a sudden surge at the last , while amory talked and dreamed [which is about all amory ever does-mht] , war rolled swiftly up the beach and washed the sands where princeton played . every night the gymnasium echoed as platoon after platoon swept over the floor and shuffled out the basketball markings . when amory went to washington the next weekend , he caught some of the spirit of crisis which changed to repulsion in the pullman car coming back , for the berths across from him were occupied by stinking aliens-greeks , he guessed , or russians . "" nothing like a little wretched refuse to remind you there \'s a war on , i always say . anyway , most of the novel consists of young amory \'s elaborate ponderings - - romantic , philosophical and egotistical - - which are as forgivable as they are forgettable . i \'ve forgotten them already . at some level , in any case , fitzgerald himself had to recognize the ridiculousness of this pompous character - - who was , of course , a not-very-disguised version of himself . for how else , if not as commendably self-deprecating irony , are we to take this observation ? "" amory was in full stride , confident , nervous , and jubilant . scurrying back to minneapolis to see a girl he had known as a child seemed the interesting and romantic thing to do , so without compunction he wired his mother not to expect him , and sat in the train and thought about himself for thirty-six hours . "" in the end , in any event , one comes back to the initial fitzgerald vs. fitzgerald comparison with something like gaping wonder . in paradise almost nothing works : form , content , narrative stance , dialogue , character development , pacing - - you name it , it \'s a problem . yet in gatsby , five years later , everything works - - everything . if there is to be a great american novel , it will have to supplant gatsby for the honor . while it is hard to see how fitzgerald got from point a to point b , the fact is that he did - - and without point a the journey could not have begun . so while "" this side of paradise "" hardly deserves a place in the national literary canon , it surely deserves our respect , and indeed our gratitude , for what it led to .'
 ""the setting of this book is beautiful , exotic , and interesting . the author , unfortunately , does nothing to take advantage of this . i am shocked that this book could possibly have won a national book award . it must mean that either the award itself is meaningless , or that there were some truly dreadful books out that year - - which i doubt . the topic of this book could have been more ably handled by just about anyone else , as far as i am concerned . i ca n't imagine it being done worse ! tuck 's writing style - - short vignettes or episodes , one after another - - is terribly ineffective and disjointed . i felt completely detached from all of the characters . i did n't feel like i gained any understanding of who they were , and was unmoved when they died or otherwise encountered tragedies . another thing that completely irritated me were tuck 's sexual references . throughout the novel , tuck would end her lame vignettes with one or two sentences mentioning some crass sexual encounter ( a finger inserted in an unmentionable place or a character participating in a masturbating contest , for example ) . these sentences seem to be thrown in just to shock or perhaps to intrigue the reader ; all they did was gross me out . they were written in such a way that they seemed to have been written by a teenage boy , not an adult woman trying to tell a compelling story . i do n't know what tuck was trying to do in this novel . i think she has failed to write anything that succeeds on any level : it is not entertaining . it is not profound . it is not educational . it is not beautiful . at only 248 pages , i ca n't say it was even a quick read . utterly forgettable , once you get past the irritation of having wasted your time reading it .""
 ""as some of the other reviewers have mentioned , this us release has replaced the original source music . but the region 2 version has been released without these cuts , so for everyone with a multiregion player , i 'd suggest using amazon.co.uk to buy a copy there instead""
 'this lens pouch is very durable and is of a good quality . it compacts down and does not have unneccesary bulk . might seem alittle pricey but is worth it in the long haul .'
 'a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics'
 'can someone who bought the kit from adorama tell me : 1 ) the battery is the canon genuine nb-1lh battery ? 2 ) the camera case is canon psc-50 case ? thank you in advance'
 'this is my favorite ghostface slbum . it has a geat vibe to the cd and you could not get sick of hearing it . check it out and you wont be dissapointed . rating a'
 'i took a class on sociology and law in college and my professor kept on referring to this book . i decided to see what he was talking about first hand and am glad i did ! this book is expertly written and thought provoking . this is kind of book that you take out and reference every once in a while . yes , it does get boring in some parts but i think that if you are in the legal profession or you just like history this is a book for you !'
 ""this video 's only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction . like all stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper form and technique . unfortunately , the aerobics portion is extremely boring and simple . you just walk in place the whole time with no interesting variations . if you are looking for a video for a beginner , this one might work for you if you are truly new to exercise and are really out of shape . although i consider myself a beginner when it comes to exercise , this video was too easy for me . i have n't exercised consistently in several years . however , i do have a moderately active lifestyle . i walk and hike on occassion and i play with my kids at the park- -that sort of thing . if you have trouble with everyday activities because you are out of shape , this would be a great place to start . if you are somewhat fit , this video might be too easy for you as well . you might also like this video if you feel like you have no coordination . there are no fancy moves at all . if you can walk , you can do this video . i like simple steps , but this was too simple . in general , though , i think you 'd be better off saving your money and taking a walk . spend your money on one of the other excellent stott videos that focuses exclusively on pilates""
 'this book is a cure for insomnia . if i ever have trouble falling to sleep , i \'ll just dig out my old "" flatland "" book , and i \'ll probably be fast asleep a few minutes later ! listening to the a . square character telling us about his flat , two dimensional world is not thought provoking , its just confusing ! trying to imagine life in two dimensions is truely mind numbing . i mean i understand what flatland would be like , but only after i carefully think out what mr. square is saying . i spent more time trying to comprehend the two dimensional reality of flatland than i do enjoying the story . not very interesting at all , even two stars is being generous'
 'i got this telescope for my desk at work because i have a decent view . it stinks , i think i can see better with my naked eye . plus you can not focus it because the slider is so stiff . i guess i will be buying another telescope now'
 'scratching deeper beyond the surface one can find return of the seven to be significantly different from its predecessor , the magnificent seven . it is much more than a thematically framed sequel which it can easily be mistaken for . return of the seven is a dark film and it does not offer the hope of a truly optimistic future for any of its characters . in this respect it is a complete inversion of the magnificent seven . through their catharsis in the original we saw an attempt at redemption through an act of nobility on the part of the seven . they truly were noble and i believe were redeemed for their transgressions as gunmen . some thought they could start their lives over again but inevitably they could not . that film had to end as it did with the seven ultimately all committed to their singular code of ethics and morality in an emotionally charged finale . in this film there is very little emotion on the surface . instead director burt kennedy gives us a thought provoking study into the human psyche and the very nature of defeatism of the human spirit . in this film there are no pretensions on the part of the seven . for most of them this is just another gun job . there are no higher aspirations that they are cognizant of . if it were not this job , it would be the next . to tell his story burt kennedy focuses almost entirely on the character of chris the leader , perfectly portrayed again by yul brynner . this is not really a tale of the seven . instead kennedy uses brynner with all his aplomb and apparent stoicism to curiously examine and probe the motivations of the other six , lorca the villain ( pompously played by mexican director emilio fernandez ) and several other key characters . in effect kennedy takes what was apparently a happy or satisfactory ending from the magnificent seven and asks what if . what if 10 years later the remaining characters are not so contented as prior events led us to believe they would be ? would friends be willing go up against innumerable odds ? would strangers once again sign on to go up against those same innumerable odds ? do the strong still have to help the weak ? and who really are the strong and the weak ? when 50 or more marauding vaqueros whisk away chico ( julian mateos ) and other mexican farmers from surrounding villages chris and vin ( robert fuller ) agree to come to his aid . however it is chris alone that recruits the members of the "" seven "" this time out . kennedy singularly endows chris a sense of morality and level headedness in this film that comes from his wisdom and manner of nobility . in effect this is brynner \'s film all the way . just as john sturges \' directorial style was so smooth that his own storytelling glossed right over the depth and complexity of his own work so is burt kennedy\'s . however , kennedy is challenged with a very dark and brooding tale to tell . where sturges \' the magnificent seven could easily have been taken on a purely action film level and still been successful , kennedy does not have that luxury . kennedy has to deliver an action film built on previous events and he also has to approach the story from a different perspective to remain fresh yet keep it thematically to the concept of the original "" seven . "" not an easy task ! if the viewer does not look deeply into this film it may just appear as a well produced ` dud . \' however , i believe kennedy succeeds far beyond expectations the more times i view this film . again it comes back to brynner . he makes members of the seven ( vin , chico and colbee ) all come to realizations about themselves with his subtle yet profound dialogue . he gives riker and luis a chance at redemption even though both men come from total opposites of the spectrum . he helps the failed priest rise from his failures "" at least as far as his knees . "" chris even gives lorca , the villain a chance to ride out because when chris was younger he gave him the same chance . however , chris refuses to let lorca now bathe his personal grief as an ineffectual father "" in other men \'s blood . "" yet even lorca is literally redeemed by the end of the film . when petra tells chris that the farmers will never forget them he simply replies , "" that \'s all a man can ask . "" that is the mystique and legacy of the "" seven . "" even the character of chris is endowed with human flaws . he recklessly took on the young manuel rounding out the seven "" for luck "" with tragic results and we see brynner deeply grieved on the screen . this is a film of hard lessons learned . technically this is a well-made film . the cinematography is full of crane , dolly and tracking shots , which gives it both perspective and movement . bernstein \'s score is full and lush and this is the single cohesive element that keeps the seven together . the set designs are dark , grim and rustic giving the film a pensive psychological depth . the payoff for brynner and the viewer comes in the final shot . looking at the farmers rebuilding the village he comments , "" i \'ll be damned . "" vin looks at him and responds , "" i doubt that . i doubt that very much . "" they both ride off . they just do n\'t make heroes like that any more'
 ""do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . they 're much more solid . one love . peace""
 'while some critics can argue with dan brown \'s research and reasoning on certain historical points , one thing these da vinci "" debunking "" presentations will never be able to refute is this : the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and christianity , primarily by the catholic church , and the fact that the church still considered mary magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago : 1969. nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that dan brown has brought out in the open for serious review . this institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the light , when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals . dan brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago , with help from peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still , quite frankly , shocking and debasing . sorry , but upon this "" rock "" of male dominancy was built the church . thank you again , dan brown , by bringing these matters into the light of day so people can know more of their authentic history or at least do their own research to make up their own minds about which spiritual path is best for them and which ones were built on two millenniums worth of manipulations , obscurations and lies . these obscurations and lies happened through the efforts of a group of petty , insecure and misguided men down through the centuries to ensure their dominance and control over the masses , and they found a way to dominate not only the minds of the masses but their vast material resources , worth trillions , through guilt , control and other hidden but consistent abuses of power . and those of orthodox faith who continue to blindly support such hypocritical institutions have a lot more to answer for than any twenty dan browns put together . people are angry and they are angry at the failure of religion to live up to its own standards of behavior and for distorting what may have been jesus \' actual relationship with the women in his life- -or were the disciples just supposed to be members of a exclusive men \'s club with jesus as head and women as a species relegated to second class citizenship ? to answer these questions , some of you will finally have to turn to your own heart and mind for a change instead of some literal interpretation of the truth , because not everything of the light is found in scriptures or on the printed page , especially after the scriptures have been selectively riddled with scissors for reasons of self-interest or from spiritual corruption . the next thing people should ask for is to have the vaults of the vatican thrown open for public view . lord only knows what plunder they contain'
 ""i was having a problem with over-eating and eating when i was n't hungry and as a result , gained quite a bit of weight , and felt awful . i 've only been using this product for three days , but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up . i have n't felt jittery or shaky . i feel better than i have in months . i would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight""
 'these bars are supposed to be for women because they are lower cal and have more calcium . i think there are other factors as well . men are usually affraid of products like vitamins for women stangely enough , but they say that they need calcium and protein too . i really like the key lime flavor it is great . i like lemon also and the chi tea . i like those flavors because they are light tasting and i do not always have to have chocolate the way some people do . the lime reminds me of the florida keys . these are really better than the original cliff bars and when they came out i did not eat another man ciff bar . i used to eat one of these for breakfast everyday with a soy milk when i had a busy life . thankfully my life has slowed down now . it is good grab and go food'
 'i began using gillette \'s mach 3 razor when it first came on the market , and was very happy with it ( until recently.. . ) the original mach 3 would give consistently good , smooth shaves , and worked well for about six or seven times until it dulled and began to give rough shaves . that was an excellent product . however , with the introduction of the new fusion razor , the mach 3 suddenly became much less effective and the shaves i was getting were much rougher . i had heard about the fusion and decided to try it instead , figuring may that gillette was trying to "" migrate "" its users towards the fusion by downgrading their reliable old product , putting all their new design juice behind the newer model . i was shocked by what a shoddy , difficult product the fusion razor turned out to be . i went from getting several good shaves per razor to , well.. . none . i \'m lucky with the fusion to get two decent shaves per cartridge - - usually it roughs my skin up on the very first pass , and it does n\'t cut my beard back right to the skin the way the mach 3 used to . what \'s the deal ? did gillette decide they no longer wanted to provide a quality product ? that they \'d rather have customers have to buy a new razor right away , rather than have us use the same cartridge a few times before needing to buy another one ? if so , that marks a huge change in their corporate policy , from giving us a quality product to basically shoving customers around and trying to rip us off . i know they *can* make a great razor - - they used to - - but if gillette has decided to stop doing a good job , then forget it . so much for my customer loyalty . i \'ll either switch brands or stop shaving until there \'s another razor on the market that provides comparable quality to the old mach 3'
 ""i have many pet peaves about this camera . a ) the video showed untrue colors and came out rather dark- -- -do n't try to record indoors b ) did n't fit into my hand naturally and had to use two hands to navigate the menu and even the record button . not good c ) did n't start up fast enough- --i always missed the shot d ) the camera photos are n't of good quality e ) microphone not that great- --you could n't even hear people that were standing ten feet away from the camera . f ) if your laptop is over 3 years old , even if you 've got windows xp , do n't expect the software to be compatible . g ) the zoom lens zoomed to fast at the movement of my finger . i 'd lightly press the zoom button to one side and it zoomed too fast and it did the same for zooming out . i felt like i had to just manually zoom- -- -ie . walk up closer to the subject i honestly say stay away from the samsung 's and the sony 's are n't much better and they have a monopoly on the matching accessories , ie . only sony products are compatible with the camcorder . i finally bought a jvc and they are awesome- -- -the take more light in , better acoustical recording , better zoom function , quicker start up , and lighter . you can even buy the cheapest model ( which is pretty much what i 've got ) and the picture is great ! my parents commented on how they thought i must have a camera like the news reporters , as it 's the same quality""
 ""this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is""
 'the book and accompanying dvd are being used in a class i am taking on photoshop elements 4. both of them make it much easier to understand what 4 is capable of and how to use the program , especially the tools . without instruction , complimented by 1 on 1 , i would not be able to use even a small percentage of the power of 4. 1 on 1 goes step by step in 12 chapters of "" how to "" fix , enhance , organize , and share photos'
 ""this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !""
 ""what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far !""
 ""i think i just do n't like pilates because i really did n't care for this workout . plus , you are constantly roling up and down and from years as a ballet dancer we have always been taught that rolling your spine when working the stomach will not flatten the stomach it will cause the muscle to bulk up in your stomach and you 'll have a round hard belly . this is not my idea of an attractive waist line and this is true because it happened to a girl in one of my classes . so , that 's the main reason i just did n't like this video""
 'i got this as a present about two years ago , and i have had mixed feelings . i like it , but i get really frustrated because the program is buggy . i cannot create a standalone executable , and the program has random bugs . also , it is very hard to create proffesional-type games . be aware that the machine you run standalone programs on has to have a video card , regardless of whether you use it or not . in conclusion , good idea , but very buggy'
 'these bars arrive smashed , melting and stale..taste like cardboard with , dried blueberrie jam spread around on them...awfu'
 ""i never really noticed the soundtrack when watching this show on television but i love the show so was a little surprised when purchasing the album that all the non sound bite tracks are american country music songs . ca n't say i 'm much of a fan of american country music so was just a bit disappointed . i think a great inclusion on this album though is the sound bites from all the leading housewife characters on this show and this alone is worth the price of the cd . was also disappointed that danny elfman 's desperate housewives theme is not a separate track and ridiculously has some hidden track attached to it . the desperate housewives theme goes for 0:44 seconds then you have a break of silence for a while but still on the same track before at 1:01 a terribly sung summary of the tv show mentioning wisteria lane over and over again follows for a minute and twenty seconds . what ligic was there in not making this a separate track ? you would then be able to memory it out on your stereo . i like listening to tv themes and i find this just ruins that track because you need to be near your stereo to press skip after 0:44 seconds . this cd is worth purchasing for the sound bites alone but i guess if you 're just buying it for the theme song you 'll have to wait for some other new tv theme compilation album to get the theme song on its own . this album also comes with an excellent cover insert booklet with lots of great pictures of characters and scenes from the show .""
 'i hate this product . i receive it as a gift , and all the products are not adapted for babies , plus , looks very cheap !'
 'this is a good product , except it keeps shutting down when i have my outlook or when i have a web page open . my main goal for an antivirus would be to run when i search the web or get in new emails ! what good is it if it shuts down when these are open ! it did find a trojan on my first scan . this was one that norton missed . i will be getting nod32 soon . sorry this product did not work for me ! it was very easy to use'
 ""orange county as a movie tries to play it safe . the director tries to be in tow with what he believes is a good film . i must say for around 50% of the film i was laughing . jack black is truly my favourite character in the film . colin hanks , the lead actor , is a boring sophisticated person.he also plays black 's brother in the film . although jack black doesnt have a huge role in it , everytime he 's on the screen i seem to forget all the other characters around . i thought the scene in which he jumps into the swimming pool with just his under-shorts was funny . but i defintely feel there are some seven other scenes featuring this master of crazy comedy . i didnt find colin hanks ( in the film ) inspiration inspiring at all and think he should have gone to stanford.for the simple reason i believe he didnt have much enough at orange county to wait for.but then that 's a story flaw or story strength ( however you perceive it ) come to think of it colin hanks character was extremely realistic , polite and believable.now all the credit in the world to the director for this.however , it was the drugged jack black who really tries to get him into something . ive seen school of rock and i 'm sorry for i did not like it as much as i liked orange county.it 's the presence of jack black that does it for me.i 've seen the film 4 times which is probably why i ca n't stand hanks and his goodness . anyhow , forget all that , watch the film - rent it , steal it , buy it , download it....just give it a watch . cheers""
 ""this edition of the film sucks and sucks again . the wide screen version of this is a masterpiece - without the widescreen ratio this edition cannot be true to the comic book sensibility that bava intended . each shot was carefully composed ( and not intended to be butchered ) - this edition is a travesty - - especially when it 's purported to be put out by fans - do you 're homework . there are also scenes missing from this print , scenes that are important and add to the overall ambience . hey i thought the folks behind this were enthusiasts - - instead its just sloppy and self indulgent . look for the earlier laser disc edition ........... as for the extras do we really need the - it 's great because i used it in my video slop .... and it 's great because i did a bad homage / rip-off slop . the documentary in the extras takes great pains to point out that this film was intended to look like a comic book and that 's what was great about it . then when you watch the film what you get is less than a third of the original image ! strikes me a total scumminess . all in a all a fabulous opportunity wasted ... by a few lazy lard-asses with a quick-fix mentality .""
 ""i took passion rx because i am 31 years old and have a very low sex drive and no passion . i had great success the first week i took this product . in fact i was so pleased , i bought 2 more bottles . however , the second week , i went back to having no sex drive . and even though i am continuing to take passion rx , it has not had any effect whatsoever since the first week . i take 2 pills each day in the morning , and have done so for over a month . i suppose everyone is different but i wo n't purchase any more . plus i just saw a webpage from consumer health digest that gives it low rating compared to other products : http : / / consumerhealthdigest.com / top25female.htm ? source=overute / passionrx&ovraw=passion%20rx&ovkey=passion%20rx&ovmtc=standar""
 'i wanted to like this book but was very disappointed that all it included was a mish mash of vanity fair articles from 1990-2002 with follow up paragraphs that appear to be right out of people magazine'
 'do n\'t buy the directors cut . badder santa is absolutely hysterical . for some strange reason the director decided to make a "" director \'s cut "" that is a neutered version of "" badder santa "" . i bought it yesterday when it came out and the internal dialogue from billy bob in the first scene was missing . the celebration in the bar after the first mall "" heist "" , where billy bob proclaims he \'s giving up drinking , was missing . the next scene where billy bob was stealing drinks from the bar on the beach and fights with the bartender was missing . that was enough for me . i immediately shut it off and best buy agreed to let me swap it for "" badder santa "" due to the false impression of a "" longer and fuller "" cut than it \'s predecessor , as is the industry standard . i was duped . please buy "" badder santa "" instead . this is a watered down / walmart version of a classic , not an extended cut'
 'i have been using this attachment to my waterpik for gum disease for five years- -- -it directs the medicine into the gum pockets easily and helps save me from really big bills at the periodontist . it works for me , but needs to be used in conjunction with regular flossing , brushing , and generally good tooth care .'
 'mill states here that he still believes traditional gender roles ( as we now call them ) are desirable , but , being john mill , he passionatly believes in the freedom of lifestyle choice for the individual . hard to argue with that'
 'it lasted one year and two weeks , then the motor died . while it worked it was great . i am tempted to buy a replacement , but will probably end up trying another brand . the manufacturer is probably banking on people buying several , because when they do work they do a great job'
 ""i 've been a longtime fan of seagal 's movies , but i was greatly disappointed by this film . first , there were clearly sections where steven seagal 's voice was done by a different actor who sounds nothing like him . ( clearly done when the film was cut together after the main filming ) it was surprising that they could not take the time to get seagal to do the vocal tracks for those sections . there were also very few action sequences that demonstrated seagal 's skills with martial arts . in many ways , this film was more of a slasher flick than an action film . little action , but lots of bloody corpses lying about . i enjoyed black dawn far more , and feel it was a much better made film""
 'it was about time the spell kasey chambers originally cast on me wore off - i \'d become a huge fan of the captain and barricades & brickwalls , but there was all something a little nagging about even those two very good records . chambers , a unique betty boop squeak of a voice , was a lustrous presence in rootsy contexts , and the best moments of those records were snarky updates on an old form , but the worst moments were forgettable alt-country duldrums of patched together cliches . wayward angel , chambers \' third album , had some great songs on it , but its pop and country predictability overtook a good half of the album . carnival shows chambers at her weakest - sad girl anthems of generic empowerment about the rain , bad girl anthems of doin-wrong that sound about as risky as songs on the disney channel \'s afternoon lineup . "" light up a candle "" fakes its slinkiness and turns dull , "" surrender "" adds a dido production of drum machines and computer bleeps that do n\'t mask the song \'s epic ordinariness , ballads like "" dangerous "" limp along to their own generic lethargy . chambers is n\'t without charm - "" sign on the door "" and "" i got you now "" are impossible to not find fun - yet chambers worst instincts as a song writer threaten to take over even the good songs - "" hard road , "" a sad and moving movie-ready duet , borders on self-parody - lines like "" there \'s a heavy jacket / there \'s a heavy load / there \'s a weight on my shoulders / it \'s a hard road "" read like a laundry list of related lines from every sad and moving movie-ready song you \'ve ever heard'
 ""i am just writing this review to correct alexander from russia , who cites this album as a christianity peddler . leonard cohen is a jew , who unlike bob dylan ( on john wesley harding ) embraces his sense of jewish heritage and religion within his music . alexander , you 've brought your own interpretation to what is a distinctly jewish artist and his work""
 'i love this show ! that said , i do not care for this version of it . the inclusion of the word "" concept "" in the title means it is just that . this was , thankfully , not the final version of the show that would later spawn the hit song , "" one night in bangkok "" . with most broadway musicals , the musical numbers tell the basic story of the show . if you listen to the recordings of phantom , mama mia , beauty and the beast , you can discern the basic storyline of the show . listening to this particular recording of chess , though , will leave you wondering "" what was that ? "" the broadway arrival of chess saw a much needed reworking of the storyline and arrangement of the musical numbers . this recording seems too much like a mish-mash of songs that do n\'t really relate to each other . for musical fanatics ( like myself ) , i say "" yes , you should have this recording in your collection "" , if only to understand how much work went into the show before it opened on broadway . if you are only buying the album because of "" one night in bangkok "" , purchase the broadway recording instead ; you \'ll be much happier with the performance by phillip casnoff rather than murray head'
 'the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition'
 ""i picked up the audio book from the library , and did n't know by the title and author 's name ( my first jance book ) that this was chick lit . i do n't feel this book was something i would 've started had i known . it started real well , and ms. jance knows how to reel you in with her writing . midway it got off track for me when the the protagonist started blogging about her unfair release as a new anchor , and then about her friend who died of als , and then came the long responses to the blogs . it just got sickening to this reader and made it hard to stay with what could 've been a decent suspense drama .""
 ""first , know this , it is a trimmer not a shaver ! with the included height attachment , your bound to have a little fuzz still left . without the attachment , you get closer results , but still very visible hair lines . i am quite disapointed with the product , because it runs on two aaa batteries , the motor is nearly powerful enought and will lock up sometimes when cutting hair in different angles . this lock up rips the hair out of your skin and sometimes even cuts you . i would certainly not recommend this product , but might be necessary if you 'll be traveling and need a small portable trimmer that will get more results than just letting your hair grow wild .""
 'tough to upgrade if you have an earlier version on your machine . also , poor layout of controls make clicking on wrong button really easy . they still have not gotten it right'
 ""i like how the people on here who turn to sarcasm when rating this cd think they 're funny . heh , so witty . anywho i 'm not a big fan of fall out boy , but there are a couple of good songs on this cd........notably grand theft autumn and saturday . those are really the only two that hold up its rating for me tho...2 stars""
 ""not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket . i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done""
 ""never be sick again offers a major breakthrough in medical thinking regarding health and disease . i am a biochemist doing medical research at ucla . a friend gave me this book to read , and i was very skeptical . after reading it , i could n't stop thinking about what it was saying . i even lost sleep thinking about it . after many weeks , i have come to a conclusion - the author is right . there is only one disease and there are only two causes of disease - revolutionary ! once you understand this simple concept , it changes everything . if your mind is not closed to new ideas , the profound insights in this book will change your life for the better . it will give you the power to both prevent and reverse almost all disease . with this new understanding , from now on , i will approach my research in an entirely different way . c.l""
 'huge problems with the lcd screen , two cameras within one month after purchase showed the lcd "" shattered . "" one has already been shipped for service and the other one will be going in tomorrow . sure it is easy to use and produces great pictures , but the lcd problem is a definite negative .'
 ""i saw the scene , where they have lissa chained to the pool table and gagged in the basement.i did n't understand most of the movie . i bet kim possible , ron stoppabl , and rufus can deal with them""
 ""i think the most striking part of this book is that you feel comforted by the fact that the problems you 're facing in your own relationships are commonplace . they 're not dysfunctional . every family has its share of issues and you do n't need to feel overly guilty for yours . the book 's underlying theme is that families that honesty , consideration , character , belief and perhaps above everything else - resilience , can get you through the worst debacles and that at the end of the day it 's probably ( though not always ) worth the effort . stories include : resentment about controlling parents who appear to display conditional loving and also about appreciating how much of their lives parents sacrifice to bring the kids up ; the search for redemption after abandoning a kid or cheating on a wife , the courage required to break relationships that are dead and the perseverance required to bring one back from the dead ( and the effect on kids ) , dealing with the families of your in-laws and family objection to marriage , how to deal with kids who are falling into bad habits when you feel powerless to influence their decisions because they no longer respect you or listen to you , dealing with the death of a child , how we feel obligated to spend time with our families rather than actually wanting to spend time with them and what we are losing , etc. although it may seem that most people cannot relate to these situations.. . actually i felt an amazing amount of empathy for the families and came away with a renewed conviction that i can get the perfect family life ( with all it 's frustrations and headaches ) and balance it with everything . if you have any relationship , friendship that you have a certain amount of frustration , resignation about then i strongly recommend this book . it is one of those books that if it hits you at the right time - it could change your relationships and your life""
 'i am fascinated with this machine . it has incredible detail although it lacks a little lattitude and details are lost as soon as there are some shadows . the battery so far usually lasts me the whole day when i go touring . if i take care to shut the display down as soon as i dont need it anymore i find that when i am on a cruise ship or visiting another country i can take all the movies i usually want - - and recharge when i get back to my room at night . the only problem is playback on a tv or pc . the bundled software made by ulead is not user friendly and , whereas the previous xacti i had played back images and video clips in the order i had taken , this one separates them and plays back either clips or images . before i played back through my panasonic hard disk dvd recorder and recorded a dvd directly . now i have to go into my pc and do a whole lot of editing and so far the "" movie factory "" program keeps crashing . i imagine somebody will eventually suggest a better software program , or i will learn to use ulead , but for the time being the pictures and clips ihave taken have very good detail , and the machine has operated flawlessly .'
 ""im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly , his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t . mcginly 's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world , he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days . i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast ( which included hacks like paul rudd ) was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work . please sean , stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff , leave that to idiots like capra , wenders , scorcese etc. they are not in your league .""
 'compared to the olive & aloe bar , this one seems to lather better'
 ""i ordered it because i have a couple friends that love it . well , i really do n't care for it . and now i ca n't find the return sticky label to return it and i 'm really bummed about that because it cost $55 ! ! maybe if you could help me with that , that would be great ! thanks beck""
 ""i am not a horror movie fan , in fact there are very few horror movies that have truly scared me , but this one indeed made me literally crap myself . i caught this movie during the midnight hours on ifc 2 years ago , and luckily the movie was just starting , so i got to see it from beginning to end . this movie is basically about a man named frank zito ( joe spinell ) who 's a psychotic serial killer who seeks pleasure by killing women , because he feels he 's getting back at his abusive mother who was also a prostitute . after her death frank feels alone , but cannot forget the mistreatment he received from her all those years . frank lives in a tiny apartment in new york city , in which he keeps several mannequins . he uses these mannequins by putting his victim 's bloody scalps , on it 's heads . when he spots a woman named anna ( caroline munro ) , a photographer in the park taking pictures he gains a sudden interest in her , but not the type of interest in which he wants to murder her , but kind of a romantic interest . he takes her out to dinner and buys her gifts , but will he change his mind about her , and make her become another one of his victims ? some of the scenes in this film are so incredibly gut-wrenching , especially the scene when he chases a nurse into a subway station , and she hides in a bathroom stall . i felt my heart pounding the whole entire time . the effects were realistic ( nice job tom savini ! ) , they do n't come close to todays , even though the movie was released in 1980. joe spinell plays this part so well that you might think he was for real , and not only that , but he physically looked the part too . the scenes where he 's in his apartment talking to his mannequins are some of the most creepiest scenes i have ever seen in a movie . i believe that this film is one of the most realistic horror films out there , because we get to see the results of how an alone , mistreated child might turn out . this is n't one of those lame zombie movies , it 's the real deal . if you like horror , and a lot of gore , and you have n't seen this then i recommend you watching this .""
 ""stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos - - all of top quality""
 'the vista set up is nice but is buggy and incompatible with a lot of games and upgrades'
 'i purchased this product in hopes of a wonderful nights sleep . well folks this is not what happened at all . i turned on my conair su1w and snuggled under the covers after a very stressful day . about 5 minutes into my relaxation i almost received heart failure due its soothing sounds of a train wreck . the volume which seemed to have been controlled by satan reached top volume , although i never had touched it myself . i tried to turn it down and the volume still was blaring . i unplugged and plugged it back in numerous times , and still it would not work'
 'thank you , i like this program and it does what i need it to do'
 'elaine pagels is a wonderful writer . her explanation into early christianity is wonderful . it is definitely worth the time to read this . she delves into the politics of the early church , the passion , the resurrection , as well as the clashes between gnostic and orthodox thinking . too often , we forget that what we call the canon is not the only writings available . she just reminds us that there is this whole other world of writings that did not make it into the bible for one reason or another . if you want to get an idea of who the gnostics were , read this'
 ""bought this to help make muddy paw print clean up a little quicker . this works well , my better half thinks i have an obsession with mr. swiffer.. . : ) it does leave a haze on the floor though . i use the recommended 3 sec . cleaner dispense...maybe it 's because i do n't change the pads ofter enough . overall , i would purchase the swiffer again if i had too""
 ""i bought the software some months ago . noticed some problems with my pc in subsequent weeks . did n't put 2 and 2 together . last week however , i 'd come home - no icons on screen - no ability to ctrl-alt_del - each day this would happen . the machine had to be powered on and off to reboot . pulled recent software off machine . yes - you 've guessed - without spy sweeper i have no problems . ok - it might be a conflict with other software - a quick google confirmed my suspicions that others have problems . i was never impressed that it was picking up anything of substance either - but then maybe my machine is clean""
 ""melanie griffith , rachel leigh cook , and hugh dancy star in this straight-to-video film about one female transporter , who gets into trouble because of someone plotting against her . well , that 's all about it , apparently , but the film tries to give something unique to the otherwise unoriginal plot . i mean , the slightly original character of sarah by melanie griffth , who plays that smuggler in trouble . given a special job by malcom mcdowell with his customary ' i-could-be-very-baaaad ' smile , sarah agrees to carry a pack hidden in her bag . but as you know , someone also wants that package , and ... well , that 's nothing new , but she is attacked on the way . do n't expect any thriller , however . the film 's focus is not about that ; it is the relations about sarah and jack ( dancy ) who live together in a fancy paris apartment . but while sarah is away from paris on business , jack is attracted to a younger lady jenny ( cook ) who also falls for him . thus the film makes an effort to include both love and crime . nice try , considering this interesting point about the character of elder lady sarah , but if the factor is taken away from the film , the end result is nothing but a flat , tired suspence - - suspence as to its relations and its crimes alike . either way , the film is emotilnally very void . ok . two fatally bad things : one , too incredible characters . see , sarah is a professional courier who must know the rules of the job , which could be dangerous . but instead of renting a car ( and it 's europe , where that could be pretty easy ) , she takes a train ( and a night train ! ) in which she becomes an easy target . in this way , the film misses every chance to make it more suspenceful . when some character ( s ) must die , they die like characters in old video games - - they fall , that 's all . the other one ; acting . let me be honest . it was painful to watch the one-dimentional performance of melanie griffith , who was very good in ' another day in paradise . ' maybe she is not the greatest actor , but certainly she can act . but as far as ' tempo ' is concerned , no , i do n't think so . only the location of paris saves this film from utter forgettableness . forget about this one .""
 'this book is a personal re-examination of food- -what we eat , and why we eat it . in this book , prentice examines food customs and traditions , searching for their physiological and environmental rationale . her primary observation about food traditions is that they are strictly tied to the seasons , and thus the continual year-round availability of our foodstuffs has resulted in loss of much traditional knowledge about what is good for us and what isn\'t . in recognition of the essential seasonality of foods , prentice organizes this book into the thirteen moons that make up the year , from the famine moon , to the sap moon , from the egg moon to the corn moon , from the blood moon to the wolf moon . each chapter describes the ecology that led to the association between a particular food item and a specific time of the year . in the chapters , prentice discusses the nutritional contributions of the featured food items , and how her relationship with that food has changed over the years . for example , she explains how she used to avoid milk and other dairy products , but now relishes them as a gift of love from mother earth . each chapter also includes recipes of the season , ranging from exotic dishes of non-western food cultures , like cardamom and jaggery pudding , to simple directions for lost arts , such as rendering pork , or making homemade yogurt and sauerkraut . prentice was once a strict vegan , who for health reasons , eventually found herself drawn to a diet which includes animal products , but not the products of industrial agriculture . there is much that vegetarians and vegans would not like in prentice \'s essays , since she explains how her 10 years of vegetarianism were not healthy for her . having had the same experience myself after being a vegetarian for 20 years , i can appreciate the wisdom in what she writes . while vegetarian diets work well for some , they are not appropriate for everybody . but at the same time , diets that include the consumption of industrially produced and processed animal products do nobody any good . we need to be willing to recognize our relation and responsibilities to the animals that we consume . i first heard of this book when i attended a vermont localvore potluck at which prentice was the invited guest chef . i was deeply offended then at her attitude , when she announced she was going to make a salad using a recipe from her book , but lamented the lack of local artichokes or olive oil . ` how could such a person be associated with local cooking , \' i wondered , ` if she does n\'t even have the sense to find out what the best local ingredients are and celebrate them , instead of parading the products of another region in front of us ? \' i figured that a seasonal local cookbook written by a national author would be a worthless concept . fortunately , that \'s not what this book attempts- -instead the book is much more about rediscovering our connection to food than about specific local recipes . although she has become famous for leading the concept of eating foods only from one \'s local region , what she urges here is really an appreciation for the products of small farms . thus , instead of simply cheering on local food , prentice argues in this book that our industrial agriculture system has torn us away from one of the most essential of human traits , our relationship to the food that nourishes us . instead of following diets of avoidance , prentice advocates recognizing the meaning that each item of food brings to our lives , and using food to re-establish our connection to the land . indeed , the only foods that prentice avoids are those heavily processed products of industrial agriculture : refined sugar , white flour , and pre-packaged extruded junk . although the book contains a few recipes , it is not a cookbook , but rather a wake-up call : "" our poor diet is at least partly a physical manifestation of a spiritual decay , "" together with some suggestions of how we can begin the journey back to healthy eating'
 'i really enjoyed this dvd-and all of the combos were doable with great breakdowns . the instructor actually starts with the left foot , so you can follow her mirror image . i teach dance and will definately use a lot of these moves . and , you will work up a sweat , if you want more just do jumping jacks or run when they march . enjoy'
 'i picked up this book expecting a fresh approach and analysis of dr. king apart from the obligatory images we \'re force-fed each new year . instead , i was disappointed to find that eric dyson made heavy use of speculation with the intent to scandalize more than to inform and enlighten . one such example includes dyson conveying the idea that dr. king may have engaged in orgies with many different women along with his right-hand man ralph abernathy . he then goes on to infer that there was talk of king and abernathy engaging in sexual acts with each other ! the author had no commentary to either support or dispel this "" theory "" making dyson \'s retelling of the alleged incident totally irresponsible and even libelous . he just dropped the information , true or untrue , in the readers lap to do with as the reader pleased . to that end , it is my opinion that dyson \'s intent in writing this book was in no way honorable or truth-seeking , rather it was a means to convey his baseless ideas to anyone who would listen . i \'m reminded of something my grandmother and mother would always say to me , "" an empty wagon makes the loudest noise . "" eric dyson makes a lot of noise in this book but totally lacks substance . this was an expensive tabloid'
 'the photoshare digital frame is a classic example of poor engineering . the "" plug and play "" ability is aggravating , at best , freezing two of my computers , requiring endless reboots to transfer images . photoshare provides zero customer support or technical assistance when you have problems interpreting the very poor operations manual . the expensive battery is almost impossible to install . the power cord has to be super glued to stay in place . and the frame is sloppy and dangerous - very easy for unit to fall out . buy another brand or just put pictures on disc and use a portable dvd player instead .'
 ""i get this stuff for my husband . he 's got really thick hair and it has the tendency to get oily but this stuff makes his hair perfectly soft and shiny . it 's worth the money""
 'i found the film , "" malice "" to be a very intriguing and interesting murder mystery . sure , there are a lot of twist \'s in the film , however , that is what i found to be very good about this film . especially the way these twist \'s were done . there will be no spoilers in this review . the film begin \'s with murders occuring in a small college town . andy safian ( bill pullman ) is a college dean who happens to be suspected of these killings . all circumstantial . moreover , he is having problems with his wife ( nicole kidman ) . something happens to her , and she blames andy for this . [to tell you would give away the film] it seems as if one of andy \'s old school friends is now a practicing surgeon ( alec baldwin ) . therefore she decides to leave him and sues both the medical facility that caused her such grief , and the doctor ( balwin ) in particular who caused this grief to her . but there is more to the story than meets the eye . there are several stories going on at once . first , you have a serial killer , secondly you have a distraught wife ( kidman ) blaming her ex-husband and his doctor friend for what has happened to her . but there is more to her than the viewer suspect\'s . i will leave this to you to discover . the film is better than the reviews warrant . it is a very suspenseful film full of twists . recommended !'
 'i have listened to the cuts from this cd and was amazed at how quickly it transported me back to the time . there were several tracks that i was delighted to see since the artists were not popular enough to have an entire album re-released . if you are in a mood for a good dose of nostalgia , this is the set for you !'
 ""i bought this book when i had my first child . it has provided me with alot of helpful information , especially at night or on the weekend when you 're not sure whether or not to call the doctor . i have worn my original copy out and am about to buy a new one . many thanks to dr. neifert""
 'this is a great heating pad if you like heat . it ranges from low to hi with 4 settings in between . ( that is 6 settings ) especially nice is the loooooong cord . my old heating pad has like a 6 ft . cord and i always needed an extension cord for it . good purchase !'
 'the rosary is very well produced . a powerful tool to crush the devils head'
 ""this works better than any other women 's shaver i 've ever used . it does give a close shave without irritating the skin""
 'the case opens partially on the side to allow removal of the camera only . then after unclicking the fasteners you can unzip the rest of the case to allow for access to lenses . it makes it easy if you only want to remove the camera . you can swing the bag around while wearing it and pull the camera out without taking off the pack . my digital rebel xt fits with the canon battery grip and my macro lens attached , however it would not fit with my 200mm lens attached . my canon speedlight flash did not fit well in the lense section but fits perfectly in the separate section at the top portion of the bag . the lenses all fit nicely allowing for several lenses depending on the size of them . i bought a regular lowepro camera bag , but found that it was awkward to place the camera in with lens attached . this bag is designed to have the camera with a lens . if you search google images for the lowepro slingshot 200 you will see what i mean about the side unzipping to allow the camera removal .'
 'all things aside , the other kid in the movie the caddie friend that has the episode at the end [stated this way without ruining the ending]played a great part as a supporting actor . his name is justin goncalves i think . this kid was very believable in every aspect of the part he played . in fact i think he stole the scenes when he was onscreen with the gamble kid . believability is important and this kid carried his weight the entire movie for what limited scenes he had . i was particularly impressed with the part he played .'
 'not as epically gorgeous as \' once upon a time in america \' , but still lovely . there \'s a south american influence that lends a very fresh sound to the entire soundtrack . my favourite track is an ave maria- -in guarani . haunting . however , "" gabriel \'s oboe "" is the theme that makes this score . being an oboist , it of course holds a particular appeal to me- -and the oboe performing the theme is really something to be aspired to'
 ""my husband is icelandic , and unfortunately this book was no help at all.. . it 's perfectly fine for the traveller , but in trying to live everyday life , conversing with new family members forget it . i would have liked to have seen a more comprehensive grammatical section , something that was laid out in something easy to look at and understand . if you are quite serious about learning this language i would honestly recommend saving the 20 bucks and buying the bit more expensive colloquial icelandic . for me at least , it 's quite easier to understand , has complete grammatical charts in the back , as well as a fairly decent dictionary.. . again , if you are only learning for business trips and such , then this would be a good option.. . for those of us actually moving there , her book is not so good. .""
 'yes , there may be some small issues with the sound quality , but you get used to it , and wilhelm kempff is definitely one of the great pianists of the 20th century , so it is worth it . these are incredible performances that are often justly called definitive . kempff seems to always bring out every theme of every work and magnifies its emotional intensity , whereas other pianists would not have nearly as much attention to detail and neglect many subtle themes . highly recommended'
 ""dj shadow is in my honest opinion one of the most overlooked artists in music today . threading the thin line between commercial and underground , and finding his niche somewhere in between ( as unkle says , the middle ground between light and shadow ) dj shadow continues to impress with every release he puts forth . i was fortunate enough to pick this album up right after its release , and actually purchased it before i bought endtroducing , which is by far dj shadow 's best album , and one of the best albums ever made . by sampling elements from just about anywhere shadow combines elements from our pop culture to create mini-movies of his songs which few artists can touch in terms of sheer production value , and the emotional effect that is created while listening to his music . i am actually glad i bought this album before endtroducing as it has given me the time to truly appreciate this album for what it is ; a work of art , and a continual growing of shadow 's talents . had i bought endtroducing before this and writtwn a review i 'm sure i would have garnered it with a 4 star review , but that is simply not the case here . while endtroducing is always going to be leaques above and beyond this album , josh davis has found a way here to go above and beyond what should be expected of an album , and given us an album that i 'm sure years from now i will still find elements in it that will grow even more on me with time . best enjoyed while driving or relaxing at home ( possibly with a little mary in tow , if you know what i mean ) , the songs fluctuate with peaks and valleys of highs and lows , and the beats are flawless , especially when compared to a lot of the mainstream garbage that is put out in the record industry on a regular basis . see the thing is that shadow bases his music upon how he feels , and artists that do this correctly achieve an emotional reaction from their music that the true artists of our world truly achieve . radiohead for example has a way of doing this , and it is not surprising then that one of dj shadows favorite artists is radiohead , they both fuse these elements into their music , and achieve monumental status in my opinion . the package design is equally well done as well showing an artists eye for presentation , and a graffiti influenced design to the overall package . if you enjoy this album then i highly recommend any of shadows works : endtroducing , preemptive strike , the private press , and in tune and on time , which is a live set recorded in support of this album . unkle is also a well thought out album which bridges the gap between hip-hop , rock and techno , with guest appearences by mike d of the beastie boys , thom yorke from radiohead , and others from throughout the music industry . if you 've never heard of dj shadow before , then i must say that you are missing out , if you are at all interested in underground music , do yourself a favor and pick up any of shadow 's albums or collaborations , i guarantee you will extremely impressed , as with any good album the songs have a way of growing on you over time . peace out""
 'notice to parents , there is some verbal material unsuited for little ones , adult nature . a woman grows to 50-ft placing an extra strain on a strained marriage . daryl hanna and daniel baldwin . this is a light monster film not gory . it is good for that it carries some laughs , punny stuff , and summer flick character . no deep story , folks'
 'based on lots of great reviews , i decided to buy kaspersky . after two months , i got a message saying my activation key was blacklisted . i sent an email to customer service and got an auto reply saying they were too busy to respond within 48 hours . finally after three days someone got back to me and told me to try deleting and reentering the key . this did not work . i had to reply again to customer service and got the same auto reply . this time , no one ever replied . i sent another email threatening to write negative reviews of them and they still , weeks later , have not replied . i emphatically advise against buying this product . if you ever have a problem , you will not get help'
 'you know the feeling...that feeling of "" oh my gosh , how did i ever spend money on this movie and when is it ever going to end ? "" well , that \'s what unfortunately accompanies this dull and somber film . unfortunately , because of its all-star cast , although this would n\'t be the first time in movie history where an all-star cast is wasted . aside from an interesting peek into the world of yale \'s secret skull and bones society , a delightful cameo by joe pesci and a few too cute-by-half zingers , this movie has little or nothing to offer . it does n\'t keep one \'s attention and by the time you try to care enough about what is going on , you realize that you do n\'t even care about the characters . matt damon \'s skulking and scowling leading role lacks rhythm and chemistry , especially with the beautiful angelina jolie , and he is laughably miscast as a father . in fairness however , with the script he \'s been given , it \'s hard to see how damon could have done much better . the pacing of the film is extradinarily slow and one can just imagine people walking out of the theater before it ends . a huge disappoinment especially since director deniro is such a talented actor . skip it'
 ""i 'd give this machine 5 stars if #1 ) it was n't so expensive and #2 ) , it was n't so darn small . it barely fits anything inside . it works well for pacifiers and a rattle or two , but that 's about it . anything else just wo n't fit . and the design of the inside , with the piece in the middle , makes it even more restricting . in my personal opinion , this product is not worth the money . i am so disappointed , because it sounded so perfect . but , its just not""
 'first , here are some general positives about jaci velasquez : - she is a very gifted singer . her vocal range is top-notch - definitely on par with mariah carey and christina aguilera . - she is beautiful . and unlike a previous reviewer , i do not consider the recognition of this attribute to be a sign of shallowness but rather a display of appreciation for feminine beauty . i like beautiful singing voices . i like beautiful women . there \'s no difference . - she has great spiritual depth . her music reflects key spiritual themes such as love , faith and joy . now , here \'s a critique of the cd : i listened to all the music samples ( as you can do as well ) and only one song caught my attention - "" lay it down "" . the other tracks have too much of a hard rock sound and were too experimental for my taste . but the song "" lay it down "" was different . it sounded more acoustic , more in the style of folk rock - a genre that reflects my personal preference in pop music . i found the sound clip of "" lay it down "" to be intriguing because it reminded me of a hit song in the 1970 \'s - eric carmen \'s "" all by myself "" , later covered by celine dion in 1996. "" all by myself "" is a ballad having a soft , understated introductory verse with an explosive chorus . the sample clip of "" lay it down "" appears to be in the same mold . it has a soft , understated introductory verse ; however , it seems to lack an explosive chorus . listen to the sample and hear it for yourself . the introductory verse is closing with the following lyrics : "" all of my hopes and my dreams and my best laid plans are slowly slipping through my folded hands "" so far , so good . there \'s only a piano and a violin accompanying jaci \'s soft vocals . next , the song appears to be moving from the verse to the chorus and you hear the following lyrics : "" so i \'m gonna lay it down i \'m gonna learn to trust you now "" now here \'s a problem . i am expecting to hear the beginning of an emotional outburst - an opportunity for a singer with the pipes of jaci velasquez to showcase her voice . but it is not forthcoming . why ? this intrigued me and i wanted to hear the whole song but i did not want to purchase a cd for only one song . luckily , i discovered that a compilation cd of jaci velasquez \'s best songs was released recently and it contained "" lay it down "" . great ! i bought the cd - "" on my knees : the best of jaci velasquez "" . this is what i discovered after listening to "" lay it down "" . - the first time through the verse and the chorus , the song is definitely understated . we simply have the accompaninment of a piano and a violin with jaci \'s soft vocals . - the second time through the verse and the chorus , a drum beat is introduced and jaci begins to let some emotion out beginning in the middle of the verse and when the song moves into the chorus a complete emotional outburst occurs . but somewhat to my dismay , this is not the same voice that i am expecting from jaci velasquez . her voice was more raspy and raw ( actually , it was sounding more like demi moore or tara reid , not that that is necessarily bad ) . furthermore , she appeared to be struggling . is this the same voice that was soaring effortlessly through the stratosphere on songs such as "" on my knees "" , "" speak for me "" , and "" adore "" ? is jaci velasquez losing her voice ? i do n\'t know but i find it very difficult to imagine that a young woman in her mid-20 \'s is losing her voice . she is entering her prime . barring a health issue , this just does n\'t happen . "" lay it down "" is actually a pretty good song . in fact , i am almost of the opinion that it may be her best . i certainly find myself listening to this song more than any of her others . "" lay it down "" has the same message as the beatles \' classic "" let it be "" . the words are different but both songs share the same sentiment . actually , now that i think of it...they do share a couple of words in common...the words "" let it be "" . here are the closing lyrics : "" i \'m gonna let it be , i \'m gonna let it go i \'m gonna lay it down "" the essential lesson being conveyed is learning to "" let go and let god "" - a profound spiritual insight . something that each of us here is learning . this song is heartfelt and gut-wrenching . and though her voice is struggling through it , the song , nevertheless , works out its magic . i gave this cd 2 stars because i think jaci velasquez is attempting to redefine her music style and has not succeeded . interestingly enough , her best sound was her first cd - un lugar celestial ( a heavenly place ) . bring back the spanish / flamenco guitar and develop a more acoustic sound . in my opinion , the acoustic sound is more spiritual . keep the piano and electric bass guitar but dispense with the hard rock electric guitar and synthesized sound effects . develop a latin folk rock sound with an element of jazz . hire a good saxophonist or a trumpet player . emphasize ballads . that should do the trick'
 'the item was exactly as expected . the packaging for shipment , along with the other item i ordered , was unacceptable . a child could have done better'
 ""i recently saw them in san francisco just like one of the other reviewers , and i thought it was astonishing . i know a lot of people got mad cause they didnt move around or anything , i mean it could n't be because they were trying to concentrate or anything like that ! the great thing about this album is that all the instruments standout at the same time . farina ( the lead singer ) has calmed down after the last couple of albums and often times speaks his lyrics in a soft and heartfelt way that make you wish you could get into a conversation with him right then and there.and his guitar playing has even matures after the bed is in the ocean . the drummer just flat out rocks . his punctuality is a lot of the reason why these guys are so tight . the bass speaks just as well as the guitar does and sometimes takes over as the guitar holds it together and the bassist go off on his own little excursion . well , if you have a problem with a band not rocking out , i dont know what to tell you . it is jazzy , but let me be the one to tell you this is the best jazz i 've heard . i think this is the only path they could of taken . you got to evolve . sometimes that cant always be a good thing but in this case , karate is the exception . love this""
 ""i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done .""
 'the scale is everything the manufacturer claims . however , with minimal use by one average sized adult , our scale lasted only about nine months . the balance part of the scale is very sound , but the battery clip that powers the electronics is poorly designed and built of very cheap components . i suspect that poor q&a will result in a fairly high percentage of these units failing and recommend that you go elsewhere . today , my scale will not function unless i hold the batteries by hand ( not too practical when someone is standing on it.. . ) . conclusions : * scale design is nice- -looks good . * construction of balance components is solid , glass is very strong . design and construction of the power unit ( battery ) is rather poor . * scale functions as advertised for a normal sized ( 80kg / 175lb ) adult ... until the battery power clip dies . * buyers should avoid this scale in favor of something with more solid battery compartment and connections . hope this helps !'
 ""someone gave me this book as a gift - - why , i have no idea . this book is about as intelligent as a tv sitcom , about as funny as a tv sitcom , and generally at the level of a tv sitcom . i found it neither funny , inspiring nor interesting . it is , in the final analysis , proof that any book that purports to be about & quot ; strong&quot ; or & quot ; outrageous&quot ; women will immediately sell thousands of copies , regardless of the piffle between the covers , and is thus a triumph of marketing over everything . probably best for teenaged girls who do n't read much . it 's no worse than tv , i guess""
 'so i bought two of these bottles , got them home , and discovered the first time i used them that every time you take a sip of water , they squeal like a drowning mouse . it was unbelievably embarassing . the store refused to take them back , so i contacted the company directly...and ended up in a back-and-forth email exchange with an extremely rude person in customer servide who insisted i was wrong , that the bottles did n\'t squeal and i was just using them incorrectly . she offered to replace the caps after i wrote back and explained that it was a water bottle , for god \'s sake , "" using "" it was n\'t exactly rocket science . but she \'d only replace them at my expense , which after shipping worked out to be almost what the bottles originally cost . do not buy these bottles ! try one of the fine products at gaiam or new wave enviro'
 ""i purchased this commentary for an in-depth study that i was doing on wednesday evenings . i carefully checked a bunch of commentaries on amazon , hoping to find the one that would help me with insights that i could share in the study . unfortunately , this volume has n't lived up to my hopes . i did n't need something that would offer the obvious points ( i can do that myself ) . i was hoping for something that would offer insights into some of the more difficult and confusing passages , including thoughts on how those passages apply to our lives today . i 've been disappointed . i am now well into the study and rarely even check the book anymore as i 'm gathering information . i was between this one and the carson commentary . obviously , i think i made the wrong decision . ( not that there 's anything theologically wrong in the text - it 's just not what i was hoping for .""
 'when i was a senior in high school i decided to take correspondence courses instead of attending a regular school . this was the text used for my creative writing class . i absolutely loved it and have been trying to snag a copy of it ever since . this book is great at giving you ideas for how to make up your own work of fiction even if you never tried before . i would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing where their imagination can take them'
 'sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material .'
 'i thought i was ordering the right size batteries , but i found out too late this was not the case . now i am unable to get full credit for them when i return them'
 ""first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing""
 'i bought this item for my wife exactly four months ago ( 9-15-06 ) and she said it was working well for most of the four months . she had concerns because the electrical cord which attachs to the unit rotates and when it rotated to certain angles , the heat would turn off ( as indicated by the green light which is either off , flickers or solid ) . as she used it , the problem became more and more frequent . now , the unit will not work unless it is at one point and at a certain angle ( which i guess allows electricity to go to the unit ) . i tried taping it to that location but the cord also has to stay at that certain angle which is impossible to maintain when using the iron . this is not very good for such an expensive item which gets alot of twisting and turning use and should have the highest materials and workmanship to prevent electrical . my wife admits that like anyone the unit has been dropped , but that should not cause an electrical cord problem . dropping the iron risks breaking the two flat iron ceramic plates , which are still perfectly intact . the problem is that because of the cord , and the way a flat iron is used , there is alot of cord twisting . for what is advertised as a "" professional "" device and at a cost which only a professional would normally purchase , we cannot believe that this could be used in a "" professional "" environment . my wife only uses it six or seven times a week , not six or seven times a day like in a salon . we highly recommend that you stay away from this product .'
 'jimmy carter is usually considered a mediocre president at best , totally incompetent at worst . nothing could be further from the truth . this book lists his presidential successes and goes on to show how they led to his influential post-presidential activities . we now can see jimmy carter for what he truly is , a human rights champion and a shining example to us all'
 'this uv filter produces high quality pictures at a fraction of the cost of many ather brands'
 ""i started watching it and could n't stop . i read the book a long time ago and i still think that 's better but the movie is really good too . highly recommended""
 ""i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair .""
 'one at the front : the really own words of the master are excellent . one must make sure that only 43 sides of the only 7 x 5 inch small book are interviews with bruce lee . the rest consists of interviews with the former interviewers . however , as a paperback this book costs not really a fortune . but the words of the master are absolutely worth-while , as already mentioned at the beginning'
 ""granted , i saw this movie at about three in the morning at a party , but i think i had enough sense in me to realize how truly horrible it was . it 's so.. . bad . it has some seriously subpar performances from pretty much all involved , and the script was just awful . gosh , it 's hard to believe i actually sat through it . it was just so.. . exactly what it was , i guess . a stupid sex comedy that 's absolutely terrified to be anything else . the thing that really pushed this above the radar for me to blip at was the truly offensive tone of some of the material . i think my real downfall here was the fact that i 'm a gay guy whose friends are mostly straight guys . the scenes regarding a certain character and his chance encounter with homosexuality are so repugnant it 's almost ridiculous . now , i 'm not one to get offended easily , but this just took it a bit too far . just the attitudes and behaviors expressed by most of the characters just made me depressed , which is n't really something i look for in a movie . it just seems to me that if ' gay ' had been replaced with ' black ' , this would have been deemed racist and probably would n't ever have been released . not that i 'm condoning censorship , but when your tone becomes so.. . mocking , i guess . oh well , i guess all i 'm trying to say is i will definitely not be repeat viewing this film , and i do n't recommend you view it at all if you 're a woman , or gay , or you care about others""
 ""i followed the directions on the package but could not get these disks to adhere to my canker sore , even one in the flattest part of my cheek . obviously , they wo n't stick to sores on the gumline or inside of lip either . cankaid and kank+a are still the non-prescription products i have found that provide relief and are much easier to apply""
 'it \'s hard to believe this music is more than a quarter century old now . i think it would recieve the same kind of accolades if had come out yesterday . but it didn\'t . it came out in the summer of 1979. it was the summer before my sophomore year in college , my first summer away from home . for at least a week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i \'d select side 1 of "" rust never sleeps . "" it took me at least that long to flip the darn thing over . and then , when i did , for the next week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i \'d select side 2 of "" rust never sleeps . "" my flatmates never complained . oddly , the songs i see getting the most grief in the reviews here are my faves . you do n\'t really want to do without the swooping lead guitar , contagious handclaps , and hysterically funny yet politically cutting chorus of "" welfare mothers , "" now , do you really ? as for "" sedan delivery , "" i have only the vaguest clue of what it \'s about , but it \'s sure a scorcher ( and it \'s still hard to find a job ) . allright , maybe we do n\'t need two versions of "" hey hey , my my , "" but which one would you delete ? as far as i \'m concerned , there \'s only one song here that has n\'t withstood the test of time : "" sail away , "" which is innocuously pretty , but lacks the bark and bite of even the other acoustic stuff . "" trasher "" and "" pocahontas "" are both beautiful and mean in just the right amounts and places . poor marlon , poor csn . do i wax nostalgiac ? perhaps , but not overly so . this remains essential neil , which is to say as essential as rock \' n roll gets . it still sounds fresh and relevant . and fun . did i mention fun ? in fact , i \'m gonna go plunk it on right now , maybe take a breather between "" sail away "" and "" powderfinger "" to relive the lp experience . you should too .'
 'it \'s just like the hit tv show ! in fact they probably got the idea for the tv show from this movie . actually i thought it was more of a comedy than anything . i saw it on the "" we "" network . it \'s worth the price if you feel like buying it .'
 'the bad news first : does n\'t seem to work well without adding extra detergent it seems like this is not 3x concentration , and like others we found we had to compensate by adding more detergent than the directions said to get the same results as we did with the standard formula . otherwise , the two products , \' concentrated \' and \' standard srength \' are the same . make no mistake about it - this is concentrated & comes out like heinz ketchup : it does seem to be concentrated , and we did notice a certain amount of difficulty getting the detergent out of the bottle , kind of reminded us of heinz ketchup . 4-star or 5-star product ? the standard strength product is clearly a 5-star product , however owing to the fact that this product does not work as well without adding more detergent than the direction claim , it rates 4-stars with our family . trying to learn objective info on laundry detergent is well . . . . the following is true of this product in standard strength or 3x with extra detergent added : i am allergic to most laundry detergents , but this product has prevented severe discomfort for me for about 10 years . it is consistently among the lowest-priced detergents available . in addition to being very easy on clothes and skin , it does work quite well in the stain-removal department and can be used as its own presoak . this is good to know if you are like me and are trying to avoid allergens . it is important to remember that if you buy a hypoallergenic powder detergent instead of a liquid like this , you may have to pre-soak stains and you wo n\'t have a hypoallergenic liquid with which to do it . while "" tide "" and "" cheer "" are also available in hypoallergenic formulas , [ "" tide free "" is actually just unscented] they are considerably more expensive and work no better in my experience . that \'s why i like this "" all liquid detergent - free clear , laundry detergent "" . objective information is tough to find ! i actually did conduct a hard target search for true , objective information on laundry detergents . there is very little beyond which brand causes pollution which , while important , is not what i was trying to find . "" consumer reports "" does have test comparisons of the most popular brands in its monthly magazine every couple of years and they do include some detail . about "" all \'s website "" if you are looking for this product \'s website it is under "" unilever "" and you will have to specify "" usa "" under products , as the word "" all "" will show up in almost every search result . you will find "" wisk "" and "" breyer \'s ice cream "" and almost as many neat name brand products as you would at procter and gamble \'s site . [i am not affiliated with any product or company]'
 ""i had the exact same experience as another reviewer . ....loved it for years...changed formats...no confidence . at the last minute i had to use an accountant . the accountant cost me $650.00. $50 more than what i was over paying in taxes using this software . a disaster . it does n't look like it was importing data correctly , state navigation really was painful . i buy this software to try different senerios ( joint or single ) ...but this year it would n't do that . probably because they worry too much about getting paid for every user and not enough to assist people who bought the software . to my mind the software is crippled""
 'this book is as much about life as it is about baseball . the positive re-enforcement the book gives about accomplishing almost anything is the true message . whenever you or one of your players is struggling , go back to this book to refresh a slumping attitude'
 'cryptic and confusing muddle of mush . if this is the "" new style "" of writing , we are in trouble folks .'
 'i think the shaver works well , but the plastic is thin and cheap . the biggest complaint is that there is no carring case for the razor , cleaning brush and charger . i think the cost should of been higher if that is what it takes to provide a case'
 'did you ever know someone whose life was just "" perfect "" ? ? someone who went to college , got married at age 23 , found a great job with valuable stock options.. . someone who settled down in a house in a nice city at age 25 or 26 , started a family a year or two later , and who now seems to "" have it all "" ? ? well , after world war ii , this happened to just about everyone in the silent generation , and it happen to most in the boomer generation , and it \'s happening to just about no one in generation x . this books speaks to members of generation x and describes the suffering and coping mechanisms for these people . this book , now 15 years , is about a generation that was sold down the river by its elders - generation x . the book describes 3 young people , andy , dag , and claire , who visit palm springs and tell stories of their lives and of their friends who are suffering in life . the author douglas coupland is actually telling stories from vancouver british columbia , one of the first cities in north america to be sold out to foreign economic colonizers from hong kong ( who escaped to vancouver to avoid the 1997 mainland takeover . ) in this city , the worst 1100 square foot fixer-upper house costs a third of a million dollars , or 10 years of take-home pay for a mid-career household . economic success is impossible in the physical confines of the city - the system is rigged against everyone except rich immigrants and the existing upper class of blue-collar boomers who purchased homes in the 1970 \'s and 1980\'s . many aspects of the book ( such as "" reverse sabbatical "" , "" mcjobs "" , etc. ) reflect the severe economic conditions faced by high-achieving intellectuals who go nowhere economically in that city . in my grandparents generation , all you had to do was to go to college . in my parent \'s generation , you needed to go to college and become a successful professional . in my own generation , you need to co-found a startup company and be among the 10% of founders who can sell off the company or have an ipo . do you notice something here ? yes , it \'s getting more and more difficult to be marginally successful in america . because gen x\'ers find that traditional paths to success - hard work , taking chances , saving and investing - do n\'t work any more , they resolve to live like their parents by either living with their parents or by borrowing money endlessly and hoping for a miracle . fiscal irresponsibility is at an all-time high , and has squandered everyone \'s future ! in this environment of perpetual economic slavery , coupland counsels generation x\'ers to break free of the traditional career models that have been rigged by their elders for failure . coupland counsels us all to re-examine what is success in our life and how to achieve it . this book is a call to enlist in a class warfare between gen-x\'ers and their elders ! in many ways , this book is similar to "" the razor \'s edge "" by w . somerset maughen or "" the monk and the riddle : the art of creating a life while making a living "" , in other words , redefine your notion of success in the world , while waiting for our evil society to implode in upon itself , which must surely happen in the near future ..'
 ""i agree with some of the negative reviews that the junie b . jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable . my son , who is a pretty sensitive boy , did n't like junie b . jones because he thought she was rude . i would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who , though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes , are generally nice people . we did love the magic tree house series , both for the adventure and the personalities of jack and annie""
 ""i only watched this because joseph d'onofrio is in it , this movie is totall genious though""
 ""the creators of mia 's reading adventure would be better engaged creating movies and not children 's games . there is just way too much expository and not enough interaction to make this worth your child 's effort . if you 're looking to teach your pre-k / k child reading skills i 'd recommend the blue 's clues games instead . any older children would probably get as frustrated as mine did .""
 ""i have read many reviews stating that this remake is inferior to the orginal version of 1968. granted , that version is marvelous . i have bought both versions and love them both . ok , it is difficult not to compare when watching . but i ca n't help wondering : if this version would have been the first i or anybody watched instead of the 1968 version , if people would have been complaining about that version ? i can have different versions of vivaldi 's four seasons ca n't i ? actually for those among us who love classical music and opera it is quite common to have several versions of the same musical piece and enjoy them all ( and i do understand that people can have preferences for one or the other ) . we would never say this or that piece is a remake of that version , would we ? i have gone to the opera numerous times and watched don giovanni three times . every time with different performers . remake ? absolutely not . i think that the only reason one would have made this version of lion in winter is the wish to make it , because is such a great play . so , logically this would not be a remake ! why ca n't we watch this version for what it is and let go of the other ( splendid 1968 ) version when doing so ? that done , i must say i understand why alais is in love with king henry . patrick stewart is a very fine actor and has magnificent voice which he uses very well . he is a very good match to close 's queen . i did not care for richard , i thought he was not commanding enough , bit whiny . i think john is a difficult part to play to say the least and i did n't care for him either , too much the idiot . geoffrey on the other hand is really conniving and very good . king philippe : too much a boy , although he has moments when the interaction with king henry makes him interesting . alais:good enough . which of the versions do i prefer ? that is difficult . i have highly enjoyed both . i think the 1968 version has a sharper edge because of hepburn and i prefer her to close . this version has a more emotional and sometimes romantic ( alais and henry ) approach . i definitely prefer stewart to o'toole , who seemed too young for the role . i liked the way stewart made us see henry 's self confindence in his plans and his pleasure in manipulating and scheming ( that is , until the end , when things turn out the wrong way and you see hem falling apart ) . o'toole had a very serious approach all the time . on the other hand : anthony hopkins and timothy dalton were both splendid . i think overall that the 1968 version has a better supporting cast . which of the versions i watch , depends on the mood i am in . i think they are both good in their own way .""
 'collective soul had a few nice attempts toward pop music like dosage . the main problem i have with this album is none of the songs are hits so no airwaves and the fact that the album probably has about 7 fillers ! its just to flawed to recommend to everyone it may be if you are a diehard collective soul fans . i wouldnt lose this album but i wouldnt buy it again'
 '1990. it dose n\'t seem like that lond ago . when a barley known mariah carey stuns the world with a powerful 5 octave voice that hase n\'t been heard since minnie ripperton . she made her appearance when she signed on to columbia records after the now forgotten brenda k . starr , whom mariah was a backup singer for at the time , gave tommy mottola a demo tape of her songs and the rest was history . now about the album . the album starts off with her first single "" vision of love "" a powerful song that spent weeks atop the charts and made mariah a star . you can feel the suspence as mariah builds up to the bridge and gives the world their first hearing of her beautiful 5 octave voice . truly to this day , still one of her best songs . "" there \'s got to be away "" changes pace from love to world issues that are still relevent today . this was released as a single in the u.k. ( it was n\'t released in the u.s. for fear that it would break her string of four number one hits ) yet it failed to chart . "" someday "" is the next song and was the albums third single . it too hit number one in 1991. this song is great to hear after a breakup as mariah warns an ex-lover that "" the one you gave away will be the only one your looking for . "" this song may seem a little out dated now as it still has some heavy 80 \'s synth beats . "" i do n\'t want to cry "" was the albums fourth and , in the u.s. , the last release . it too hit number one in the summer of 1991 and within a year mariah had a whopping four number one hits under her belt . something that will not be accomplished for a long , long time . though mariah has declared her hatred for the song as she fought over the production of the song and was dissatisfied with the final product , the song still has all the work of a great mariah song and it is the only song that mariah does not hit her famous whistle register with . "" vanishing "" , though never becoming a single , is probably one of the best mariah recordings . a gospel like song with amazing vocals over a pounding piano is enough to make anyone think their in heaven . though the song is spookey enough at the chorus when she softly coos "" swiftly you \'re vanishing , drifting away . "" it has also been called a "" hidden treasure "" by many reviewers . "" all in your mind "" is another song that realy showcase mariah \'s vocal capabilities . though this is one of the few songs that sound dated , but definatly worth a listen . "" alone in love "" is a song that is soft and pleading would make anyone run back to mariah . truley a mariah great . the next two songs , "" you need me "" and "" sent up from above , "" really are the weakest tracks on the album and do bring down the feel of the album . they also sound dated and are not the style in which mariah is famous for . still , every mariah song is worth a listen , so go for it ! "" prisoner "" is a truley a great mariah tune . though this has a rock influence as well , she does a great job with the vocals and the lyrics stay insode your head . this almost became a single in the u.s. but mariah finished her new album quicker than originaly planned . "" love takes time "" truly will have a place in my heart . every time i hear this song it takes me back to 1990 , almost like a little time machine . putting this song on her first record almost did n\'t happen , as mariah har intended it to be on her next record . though tommy mottola and other executives persuaded her to . the style is not that different than "" vision of love , "" where it build untill the brige where mariah lets off her signature high note . this was also the second single of the album and became her second number one in late 1990. though music box , daydream , and the emancipation of mimi would go onto break records and are considered some of mariah \'s best albums , there is no way you can leave this one out . this album truley is the one that started it all . to this date it has gone 9x platinum and made carey into a star and would be the start of years and years of great music from the voice of this generation . though this album was heavily criticized for being to similar and formulaic to paula abdul , janet jackson , and especially whitney houston , it still ranks as one of the best albums of the 90 \'s and of all time . for some people this album may be a time capsule of 1990 and for others who are now expiriencing this music for the first time one fact will always be true . this is one of the best debuts and albums ever and was the start of a simple long island girl named mariah carey , who became a superstar .'
 'i bought this for my husband . he had a plantars wart on the bottom of his foot that was removed but became a callus that gave him pain . emu oil is the first thing that softened it and it is better than it has ever been and he had suffered with it for years'
 ""i bought the happy co electric head tripper for my husband for christmas . he has wanted ones that we 've seen in the mall , so this seem to be a good one . well , the plastic pieces that fit into the slot were very flemsy . we had to be careful not to snap it trying to get it in . once we got it in , the head tripper felt great . it really did send goosebumps down my spine . the only problem is the purple plastic piece broke off , litterally the next day after giving it to him . it first was bent and then finally broke all the way off . i do not recommend this product . i was thinking of getting the ting ting motorized head massager to replace them . you can still use the happy head tripper it is just one tong short""
 ""bought this cd for my daughter , a new bill withers fan and she loved the whole collection ! it 's a great compilation of classic bill withers music""
 'look , as music goes , variations on a theme is part of any genre . this album , however , yells out & quot ; leave well enough alone . &quot ; a remix of sgt.peppers lhcb might thrill a person born in 1986 , but when you hear the real thing , you ask why change it ? this album is a total waste of a truly great disc . like gipeto said to pinocchio , & quot ; stay wood ! & quot'
 'sure my canon sd-30 is super cute and i get lots of compliments on how small and sexy it is , but heaven forbid you want to take pictures with it ! ! this camera cannot take pictures in low light at all ! every picture i \'ve taken at parties has been out of focus , which adds up to a lot of hazy photos of great memories . i took it back to the camera shop and the guy said i had the setting right but "" yeah , they do n\'t work well in low light . "" well if i needed a bright sunny day for every shot i could make a pinhole camera out of a cardboard box ! the pictures it takes in daylight are nice . but anyone who wants a tiny little camera like this is planning on putting it in their pocket and taking it to parties ! i got the sony cybershot 10.1 and it takes great pictures in low light . later , canon .'
 ""we got jason in space and we get pinhead in space . this is pure nonsense . words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels : when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people , it 's time to stop making these movies !""
 ""i finally got this toothbrush after i have seen alot of people use them . i am very disappointed . the design of the brush and the charger seems really outdated and bulky . it 's constantly getting dirty with dust and tooth paste . it 's very hard to clean . it 's loud , and small brush . not to mention the replacements for the brush are too expensive . no thank you""
 'seems amidst the turbulence and brouhaha of that james frey fiasco , anybody who now pens their auto-bios have to first be as famous and beloved as billy crystal . but then they can only put out the cotton-candy coney island fluff as \' 700 sundays \' is . granted , the book is based on crystal \'s highly-praised tony award winning theatrical performance about time with his father and relatives when growing up during the 50s et al . but it \'s nothing more than an appetizer to fill in and / or tide one over during the day and night kaddish . yet in ripping a page out of billy \'s book , it \'s not hard to imagine how that rapid-fire exchange between him and his agent went . it probably went something like : "" hey , bubby , how about writing a book talking about your 700 sundays with your pop ? "" "" well , i \'m not a writer per se . i just jot down a few notes here and there , and then go out and perform the material on stage . "" "" so here \'s a few blank pages of paper ; write down what you have . "" "" it \'ll only be 45 maybe 50 pages at most ; and it sounds and looks much better than it reads . "" "" do n\'t worry , bubby , i know people who know people who...you get the idea...at the publishers . here \'s their recipe : they \'ll take your 50 wholesale pages and spread ` em out across 180 retail pages . \' how ? \' may you ask ! well , they \'ll cut ` em in half , then cut ` em in half again . and using big ink letters so even grandmas can read it without their glasses ; surround it by a whole lot of white space ; toss in some pictures at different angles from your family album - - slap it all together between two hardcovers...it \'ll be just fine . "" "" yes , but.. . "" "" do n\'t worry . consider it like a vintage bottle of mogen david 20 / 20 wine , aged a few months before it makes it to the shelves of your favorite corner liquor store hangout . in this case , the local bookstores . oh , and make sure you give ` em just enough to whet their taste buds ; leave ` em wanting more and thirsty for more . people \'ll drink it up . "" "" yes , but.. . "" "" do n\'t worry , face . everybody loves ya . just toss in a few tidbits from your routines about satchmo and mantle , you \'ll be all right . do n\'t forget now , we \'ve got the sequels all lined up for ya too . y\'know ` 700 mondays ; \' then ` 700 tuesdays \' and so on . yes\'sir , i can see it all now : we \'ve got the lock on all those 700 days of the week shtick . oh , and we \'ll do some holiday editions too , starting with ` 700 hanukkahs ! \' "" you \'re still friends with that kid , adam sandler , back from your snl days , are n\'t ya ? ! yes , so we \'ll get you and him together to come up with new lyrics to that hanukkah song of his . it \'ll be a great collaboration . it \'s good to pass down the ladder to them other kids climbing up once you \'ve made it . y\'know god blesses and does n\'t forget those things by them who do . yes , ok , so we \'ll go ahead from there and do ` 700 passovers ! \' "" and it \'ll be an annual event too , dont\'cha know . just think , when people see chuck heston...may god keep a special place in heaven for him...when people see chuck heston and the ten commandments , they \'ll be thinking about you too , billy . yes\'sir , we \'ll have em crying and laughing every year on passover , you \'ll see . "" oh , and holy of holies , out of the deal we \'ll get ` 700 yom kippurs ! \' you \'ll see . but this will be only for our people , billy , you understand . so you might have to dig deep to get material for it . but that \'s what authors do , they dig deep . but you already knew that , right ? can you dig it , man ? i knew that you could . "" yes , but.. . "" "" do n\'t worry , face , everybody loves ya ! your books do n\'t have to be earth-shattering or thought-provoking or anything like that . but hey listen , with a book deal , a books-on-tape deal , and who knows even a movie deal , we \'ll turn your little leaden bits into golden nuggets . mark my words we will . "" and say , since you have n\'t had a hit movie in awhile...no offense...we \'re going to get martin scorsese to produce and direct your life story . yes , it \'ll be something like \' pinch me i \'m still jewish : the billy crystal story \' in widescreen and all that jazz . it \'s what everybody in hollywood \'s doing right now . yeah , no use waiting until your dying or dead already , billy - god forbid . no , siree , bubby ! ! "" so scorsese will do the movie on the cheap , because god knows the man deserves an oscar already . you know it , i know it , we all know it , billy . and not just an honorary or lifetime achievement either , but the really big one , see ! and just imagine , would n\'t it be something if you were hosting the awards ceremony and handed marty his own oscar ? ! yes , well , we can schmooze on about all this stuff later . "" but for now , with the books and everything , you \'ll be a one-man franchise , yes you will ! you \'ll be on the new york times best seller list from now until forever ! it \'ll be great ! ! "" "" yes , but.. . "" "" oh and well , i did n\'t want to say anything just yet , but , okay , here goes : there might be plans to expand everything too ! listen , bubby , i know somebody who knows somebody who...you get the idea...over at the networks . "" we can do a little chris rock in the neighborhood sort of thing . we \'ll put a kid who looks and acts like you - about as tall as you - into the neighborhood that you and your family lived in , see . "" and it \'s going to be a period piece too ! we \'ll introduce all the new kids to the stars of yesteryear - - y\'know , cantor , jolson , jessel , durante ! throw in some goniffs and shiksas that the cast can work off of every week - - it \'ll be fun ! "" chris rock is great . but you can be greater too . listen , face , we \'ll make it a celebration . something like \' growing up mazel tov ! \' maybe we get 700 shows out of it . maybe less , maybe more , but people will still love it anyway . you \'ll see ! "" "" yes , but , well , i \'m not really a writer / author . i \'m an entertainer , so why would i want to do any of this ? "" "" we could make a couple of dollars ! "" "" okay . i \'m in ! "" and so it went and so it goes . final analysis : a so not looking mahvelous , better luck next time , with all due respect , sadly not recommended book .'
 'i bought two clarisonic brushes - one as a gift and one for myself . although the product works well , unfortunately , both brushes were defective . the trouble started occurring about two months after using . one brush started out with two speed settings , but eventually only functioned at the low setting . the other brush started turning on by itself and eventually could not be recharged ! my experience with the customer service has been terrible . they would not replace my brush for me even though the product was still under warranty . be careful if you are going to travel abroad . the warranty on the brush is nulled if you use the brush in a power outlet other than 110v !'
 ""charles laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as england 's king , henry the eigth , who infamously married six different queens , divorcing or executing them as circumstances warranted . the script to this magnificent alexander korda production is a witty jab at english history buffs , touching only briefly on the supposed treachery of ann boleyn , concentrating instead on the preposterous emotional life of the lusty , capacious king . laughton , as ever , is a marvel , skillfully presenting henry at first as a thinly-cariacatured lout , and gracefully embuing him with gradual shades of pathos and humanity . viewers who look to this film as historical drama are clearly missing the point : this is all about the cleverly-rendered script , which turns british schoolboy lessons on their heads , and on the classy ensemble acting , which admittedly may be hard to focus on with the lamentable quality of the current print ( i 'm writing in the year 2003 ; perhaps criterion or some other class-act movie restoration company can correct this problem soon ) . still , fans of early british cinema will enjoy this film a lot""
 'the changer performs perfectly . i was surprised that the price was so high for such a simple gadget . the only other drawback is that the cord is not as long as the original , about one foot shorter . other than that , it is fine . i gave my original changer to my daughter , whose charger died just before leaving the country'
 ""i found this razor as the same as the other ones . do n't let them lie to you when you heard that this is the best one . the only cool part about it is that it has a small razor in the back that help the delicate areas like under the nose , et""
 'i was very happy with the prpduct and the shipping was very quick , even in the middle of the holidays . i will probably order another 3 inch memory foam from allsleep for my queen size bed'
 ""rien a dire si ce n'est que too $hort et ses potes ça claque c'est tout""
 ""dragon 9 is supposed to have vista compatibility , via an update that you can get from nuance . unfortunately , the update does not work very well , especially in the area of commands . imagine opening outlook and giving dragon the command for composing new mail or even checking mail , and watching it do nothing but move to another message in the inbox . then , imagine going to the nuance site to get support . you have to answer about a half-dozen questions and provide you key , even if you have a registered account that contains that key . finally , you are told that support will cost you $9.95. ten bucks to fix broken software ? ! it 's no wonder they do n't have a support forum ; it would be filled with irate customers . i wo n't even go into the problems with getting the support person to comprehend the problem , except to say that the software did a better job of understanding me . i 've moved on to using the voice recognition in vista which , contrary to a popular youtube video , actually works pretty well . at least when i need help , i can get it for free""
 ""upon purchasing this product , i 'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product i normally purchase at the salon . i was horribly disappointed . it was nothing at all like the typical product , rather much more like water . the normal scent was not present , the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long . i would very much like to return this . it 's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon . i was sorely disappointed""
 ""the content is excellent . the digital format is largely useless . i bought the digital 5th edition to supplement my paper 4th edition . but , the digital rights management restrictions mean that i ca n't print selected pages to stick in a folder , read on the train , or scribble notes on . i ca n't even cut and paste particularly relevant bits into an electronic ' notes ' file . the onerous digital restrictions are not suitable for an academic book like this one""
 'let \'s get one thing straight - radiohead may be the greatest thing to happen to music since the beatles . that said , this is not the album for that reason . do not let this album turn you off from radiohead...beacause it is truly not what they are about . there is one hint though in where radiohead will go . in the song "" creep "" , which is not a fantastic song , there is a brilliant "" chu-chunk "" made by johnny greenwood . so please - if you are trying to get into radiohead...go somewhere else . for the "" rockers "" - get the bends , for people trying to expand their musical mind - get ok computer , and if you like that you may become obsessed with kid a . there are some unbelievable songs on amnesiac , but it is not their most cohesive album , and hail to the theif is very solid . thank you for your time'
 'i really like this sanitizer . the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because i wish that it was bigger so i could fit bottles and things slightly larger in it . but , i do put her pacifiers and bottle nipples in there .'
 'lathers well , with a pleasant ( subtle ) scent . shipping costs spoil some of the fun . you might consider barclaycrocker , given its shipping and product costs'
 ""this smarmy kevin costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie . i found this movie nearly unwatchable . if you 're looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme try bull durham and eight men out""
 ""i ca n't beleive this guy 's arrogance to try and re-record songs that are essentially and always will be sinatra 's domain . any idiot will tell you that once sinatra got hold of a song it was and always will be identified with him . fact . ask tony bennett or any other great singers and they will tell you . sinatra is the voice and then this upstart thinks he can do better . not only does he murder ' a very good year ' but also attempts ( badly ) ' mr . bojangles ' even attempting to ape sammy davis 's mannerisms . i had the misfortune to hear this once and came to the conclusion that is was a ) a joke or b ) a blantant attempt by williams to crossover to boarder appeal . now i see it actually meant it . robbie you will never be able to sing standards and please do n't attempt the rodgers and hart songbook ( though i suspect you will if your latest album bombs ) your voice is flat most of the time and your attempts to look cool on the cover ca n't cover up your mediocrity . the only time i 'd like to see you swing is from a lamppost . stick with ' songs for swinging lovers''come fly with me ' to hear the real thing . an insult to classic songs""
 'after i watched this sequel i realized it was not as good as the first but i did enjoy it .'
 ""i purchased this unit and was dissatisfied with comparisons i made at the doctor 's office . i next purchased an omron arm unit and found the results to be more valid and reliable . the wrist unit is very cool , but did not live up to consumer reports suggestion that it had acceptable validity . i 'm technically savvy , an excellent instructions follower , and really wanted to like this unit , but i cannot recommend it . skip the cool wrist unit and get an arm unit if at all possible .""
 'this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program'
 'the real life base ( dr. li ching-yun , 1677-1933 ) adds to the wonder and mystery . many movies usually pale compared to the book ; however this movie fits all the criteria of a great classic . such as excellent film footage for the time , even though some scenes are missing . when i look at the shangri-la setting some times my mind wanders and i wonder if this was the idea behind the valley in the book "" atlas shrugged "" by ayn rand ? i doubt that they could have picked any better actors for the parts . these actors fit the time and surroundings and were actually believable in the characters they played . a later remake of this movie was o.k. but just did not have the presence of these actors . now the dvd features : digitally remastered audio & anamorphic video production notes restoration before and after comparison three deleted scenes photo documentary with narration by historian kendall miller many more by the way i personally enjoy watching and re-watching this movie .'
 ""this disk is truly as bad as nitin 's previous disks were wonderful . take any previous nitin disk , throw in some alpha , a bit of craig armstrong , some predictable eco-freindly american diatribe , mix until extremely smooth and you have a prophesy . as with most prophesies there no good news about it . my prophesy is that anyone who buys this wo n't ever buy another nitin dis""
 'microsoft office ultimate 2007 is fairly good once you know how to use it . it is a a little difficult if you are new to how the menus work but once you know how they work it is fairly simple to use'
 'my paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days ! it is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is , does it'
 'i owned the album as a kid.......i enjoy it as much now as i did then'
 'we recently bought the same model dispenser , but in the satin finish . from the first , only two of the three chambers were usable because the pumps did n\'t work ( yes , we followed the instructions carefully ) . two months later , another pump has given out so only one chamber is usable . instead of this loser , try "" the dispenser 71450 classic iv . "" we had one of these for years with never a problem and replaced it only because it was beginning to show its age . it \'s harder to fill than the aviva and not as pretty , but so what - - it works , and the aviva doesn\'t .'
 'throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor \'s music "" self-indulgent bullsh** "" apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes \' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke \'s death . reminds me of the republisuck \'s "" fair and balanced "" nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n\'t in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there'
 ""happy gilmore is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . then i watched billy madison and it was about a totally moronic spoilt rich kid . total opposites sometimes do n't atract .""
 'these glasses were a bit of a disappointment . the convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . and actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . great idea but maybe some "" fine tuning "" would help...like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck .'
 'to learn some italian before visiting italy , i tried multiple language-learning programs borrowed from my local library . some were ridiculous , many required using a workbook . then i stumbled on the pimsleur program , which is totally audio , allowing me to learn italian while i drove to and from work . due to the pedagogically - sound method pimsleur developed for language learning , i actually did learn some basic italian . as a result i bought "" conversational italian . "" though i \'ve never considered myself adept at language-learning , i actually felt confident in my ablility to learn italian as a result of these cds . i \'ve raved about them to friends who have expressed interest in learning a language'
 'this book , "" the relatives came "" by cynthia rylant and illustrated by stephen gammell , was a delight to read . i found myself smiling as i read the words that made the artwork come alive . likewise , i found myself recollecting over the memories of the past when my relatives would come to visit . and , i felt as if i , too , were a part of this book . having experienced growing up in a small town where you don ` t see that many people , i believe that when relatives come to visit , it almost seems like christmas . as a result , when the book expressed the joy , laughter , and celebration of family , it stirred up these memories of the past . unquestionably , almost anyone , from children to adults , could find themselves reminiscing and longing for the fun they had when their relatives come to visit .'
 'i \'ve always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc \'s , plus that "" very best of "" cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they \'re putting in sheryl \'s coffee . some reviewers are saying there \'s "" heart and soul "" all over this album ? that may be , but it \'s also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n\'t see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 \'s style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very "" modern "" graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it \'s time for a new "" very best of "" collection )'
 ""for sheer excitement , you cannot beat this dvd . the music is exciting , arranged well for brass ensemble , and recorded with high quality . but that 's only the beginning.. . in blast , the band vigorously acts out all the pieces they perform . how they manage this energy level will flat-out amaze you . i can honestly say that , after just seeing these performances , you are as happily exhausted as the performers must be . prepare to be thrilled. .""
 '[http : / / www.answersingenesis.org / home / area / faq / genesis.asp] [www.answersingenesis.org] has numerous refutations of \' progressive creationism \' and specifically of ross \' assertation of the meaning of the hebrew word for day ( yom ) . they clearly demonstrate the grammatical errors of his claim . also see the book "" refuting compromise "" by jonathan sarfati , ph.d'
 'i ordered several of these for gifts for my family . it is one of the "" forever "" books to keep for the rest of your life .'
 'i look at the average raiting for this movie . # stars , now thats supposed to mean its ok . well ppl , this plotless load of junk is getting more than it deserves . i read some review saying the musicwas good , and , well , from my perspective it seemed like the music was played at entirely random moments . like it could skip from a fight scene to a dramatic we feel sorry for darkman moment , and i would almost barely knotice , if it wasnt for stupid clips they play of images that make no sense . it was like they didnt know what to show so they figured this is kinda how he feels so lets just put this here . save your money . i bought this after seeing the first , which was lame , but i though it was ok , and hoping this one would hae like maybe better action sequences or something . well this was in 6th grade . huge mistake i hated it when i first saw it . it seemed like they wanted to make a sequel but never got around to doing it . and about the actrion sequences it looked like i was at six flags watching that batman show they play . good , considering its live , but lame as far as movies get . oh , and the villians who were supposed to seem smart or truly evil , just seemed spiteful and annoyingly upsessed with killing . i really think this is one of the most absolutely stupid films ever made . but that was untill i saw reptillian . which is kinda depressingly awfull'
 ""we got this for our shower . our son is now 2 and the only thing we 've used is the nail clippers . which i actually really like the shape of them cause they are a lot easier to hold then just the tiny clippers , especially if baby starts to squirm a little . i could n't even tell you where the rest of it is . the spoon thing and dropper for the medicine is cheap and useless . any baby medication you buy you 'll get a dropper for which works way better . the bulb did n't work well at all , just keep the one you get in the hospital , those work best ! and if my little guy was sick he didnt appreciate having to sit still while i tried to take his temp . i recomend a therma scan for that . just a quick beep in the ear and your good to go . so basicly , i would recommend to pass on this item and just get a pair of nail clippers .""
 ""i owned a kodak for awhile and was pleased with the pictures however , my husband accidently fell while ice skating and broke my camera . my family , knowing i love to take pictures , decided to replace my camera , but this time with a sony cybershot . i have never been more unhappy with a camera . needless to say , i finally decided to purchase this kodak z650 and am so pleased with the results and pictures . i am not a professional photographer , just someone who likes to take photos of my kids , pets , flowers , vacation spots , etc. my sony was horrible at action shots and if you had any movement what so ever , the photo appeared blurry . having kids , that is n't an option . i gave that camera to my daughter to do whatever she wanted with it . the kodak , however does a wonderful job of action shots as well as clear , crisp and concise pictures . i absolutely love this camera ! i will never go back to another brand and have only good things to say about kodak and their products""
 ""it felt nice when my head and neck were resting on the real-ease , but the device failed to relieve the tension in my upper back and neck ( past the time i spent lying on the device ) . i 'm about 6 ' tall .""
 'i know that as a wolf-lover i am a bit biased , but i would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect . you see , in this story , three children are left alone . a wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in , because he wants to eat them . unfortunately , that \'s where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill . this is just another stupid book that , summed up , says "" wolves are evil , ugly beasts who attack people ! ! we have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children ! "" yep , the wolf is depicted as evil in this book . why could n\'t they make it something that actually hurts people , like a bear or a mountain lion ? ignorance , that \'s why . the wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book . see , near the end , the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts . they plan on luring him into their trap , to get rid of him . the wolf instantly falls for it , which is lame . wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on earth ! it \'s practically traditional to make children \'s books with wolves as villains , and the chinese seem to loath wolves , but this book crosses the line . do n\'t let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage , stupid , man-eating beasts . if they already think so , you \'d be neglecting mankind \'s need to know things even more by letting them read it . in other words , it \'s a terrible book .'
 ""burt lancaster stars in this tough , grim noir-drenched prison flick , in which a sadistic prison guard ( a young hume cronyn ) manipulates tensions and weaknesses to produce an explosive situation . the film 's liberal message butts up against its obligatory & quot ; crime never pays&quot ; ending ; the convicts are sympathetic , but doomed from the word & quot ; go . &quot ; a little stagey and lurid , but overall tense and suspenseful - - the ending is a real nail-biter . recommended""
 '"" horizon "" was a turning point in the recording career of the carpenters- -a more sophisticated sound more suited to karen \'s rich and warm voice . but the album was rather short , and some of the songs just were n\'t up to the standards expected by their fans , which was reflected in the sales of the album , which was their slowest selling album up to that point . the opening "" aurora "" and the closing "" eventide "" ( the same melody with different lyrics ) nicely bookend the album , and aurora provides the first hint that this was not the average carpenters album . "" only yesterday "" follows ; this beautiful and uptempo song begins as a dolorous , downbeat ballad before segueing into the cheerful refrain . the cover of "" desperado "" is well done , but ultimately it is lost between the flashy tracks before and after it . "" please mr. postman "" is infectuously happy fluff ; it has absolutely no depth , but is irresistable while it \'s playing and will have you singing along with karen . the big-band era "" i can dream , ca n\'t i ? "" reveals the new depths of karen \'s voice , and the small jazz combo ensures that she is the focus of the listener . the third and final single from this album , "" solitaire "" begins the second half of the album on a ( metaphorical ) high note . the remaining full tracks ( "" happy "" , "" i \'m caught between goodbye and i love you "" , and "" love me for what i am "" ) are all less-than-captivating songs that greatly benefit from karen \'s reading and richard \'s arrangements'
 'my husband and i recently bought a home and i really felt i needed to find some tips on being organized . i used to be very organized ( and still am at work ) , but with the birth of my daughter almost a year and a half ago that has all gone down hill around the house . i came away with some really good tips for organization . not to mention some good tips on how to get rid of ants and various other insects and rodents . great book for any mom who feels their house needs a little boost in the organization department'
 'this software will not load properly no matter how you try . the online help is no help at all it gives you a few suggestions that all boil down to please try to re-install . their down loadable wizard informed me after using it that i needed buy the components that did n\'t load but were on the disk . try and remove the parts that do actually load and they do not uninstall properly . mcafee has a section devoted to removal of their software but so far all the suggestions have not worked . need customer service and its $2.99 per minute from you \'re first call . i have never had such a horrid experience with a software from a "" reputable "" company in a long time . i will never buy mcafee products again .'
 'i use these glasses all the time at work . they sure are handy . glad i bought them'
 'if you \'ve been living under a rock for the past year or so , perhaps you can be excused for not having heard about microsoft \'s new edition to the windows canon . for all others , vista has become a fact of life , whether or not you actually run the operating system yet . check out a tech website and you \'ll find a vista screen shot somewhere , either depicting some impressive overclocking results via cpu-z , or else simply for no other purpose than to show the world , "" yes , i can run aero- -are n\'t you jealous ? "" in fact , it \'s hard to avoid vista these days . and , as always seems to be the case , most of what you hear is probably negative . that \'s where i come in . i \'ve waited a while before writing this review , both to test the operating system and to wait for the horror stories to fade away . they haven\'t . and this can only mean one thing : the positive stories are n\'t getting through because most people who are satisfied with a product generally do n\'t feel the need to comment on it . now of course you \'ve probably seen quite a few anxious posts ( most likely in all capital letters ) either bashing microsoft for everything under the sun , praising vista indiscriminately , making it seem as though you need a $5000.00 enthusiast-class computer to run the thing , or boasting about mac \'s venerable os x and how windows vista is nothing more than a bad copy thereof . needless to say , none of these sorts of things helps , and all of them create a sense of confusion and negativity that reflects heavily on the product . and , if you analyze them closely , you \'ll realize that *none of them actually says anything about windows vista.* if you do n\'t believe me , then just go visit apple \'s discussion area and check out the ipod pages . you \'d get the impression that ipods were the worst products ever made and that every single one has problems . yet , if this were the case , then why have in excess of 100 million units been sold thus far ? the answer is obvious : people seem compelled to review products only if something went wrong with their experience . in short , people confuse review sites with complaint forums . therefore , as the self-proclaimed dr. prog , i feel it my duty to step out of my usual mode of reviewing progressive rock albums and give an honest , no nonsense review of microsoft windows vista home premium . -the interface - ah , yes . you \'ve heard all about the new windows vista aero interface by now . and virtually every screen shot you \'ll ever see will feature aero . but it \'s much more than just pretty , glass-like window frames . aero includes many new enhancements to the ui , such as the live thumbnails that appear when you mouse-over minimized windows . as the name suggests , these actually update in real time , so if there is a video or an animation playing in the window , it will appear in the live thumbnail . this is very useful . perhaps less useful but scoring about an 8 on the 1-10 "" coolness factor "" scale is the oft-mentioned 3d-flip , which allows the user to view a three-dimensional representation of all open windows , along with offering the ability to virtually paw through these to bring the desired window to the forefront . these are the things you \'ll hear the most about . what you do n\'t hear so much is all the general changes that have been made to the overall interface . the new icons are photo-realistic and size-scalable . they start out a little large , but you can set them to any size within a wide spectrum . the explorer windows have been radically redressed , with a new breadcrumbs backward navigation tool that beats the old address bar hands down ( you can retrace your steps in a logical , step-by-step manner , instead of using the cryptic addresses ) . also , they \'re spruced up with decorations that recall the visual aura style of some of the new wallpapers . speaking of which , these are for the first time actually usable , unlike in previous versions of windows , where the wallpapers have been small and grainy . more general changes include the absence of menu bars in most areas of explorer , including ie . these can be replaced momentarily with a tap of the alt key , at least until you learn how to navigate without them . also , the animations are much better than in previous versions of windows , particularly the one you see when copying a file . in addition , the start menu has been reworked drastically . it does n\'t even say "" start , "" anymore ; instead , it \'s simply a blue orb with the windows logo . the first big change is the way programs are accessed : gone is the delicate and finicky ever-expanding hierarchy system , where a slightly overzealous hand could miss the mark and close the entire desired level . now , the all programs button leads to an explorer-like listing of folders , each clearly named , and each of which opens and closes with a single mouse click . each time the start menu is opened , the folders reset themselves . also , they are automatically alphabetized . the start menu also contains most of the system links usually found on the desktop ( computer , documents , etc. ) , which is why the only thing on the desktop the first time you boot up is the recycle bin . and , in case you have seen screen shots or have tried out vista already , the search bar at the bottom pulls double duty as a replacement for the run command utility . speaking of search , though i seldom ever find myself wondering where my files are ( i suppose i \'m unique in this respect ) , many people have far more data to keep track of than me , and thus they will greatly appreciate the enhanced and pervasive searching facilities of vista . there are search boxes virtually everywhere in explorer , including the start menu . there is even one in ie7 , though it is not integrated with the system search . but , as you \'ve probably noticed , this is but a list of interface changes and additions . i assure you the list could go on and on , and i know i \'ll receive more than one comment reminding me about some feature or other i \'ve forgotten . i \'ll read those when they come and add material as necessary . but , aside from this , how does this new interface really impact the end user ? to be perfectly honest , though it \'s certainly pretty and a few parts of it required a little adjustment , it did n\'t feel much different from previous windows versions to me . but , to be honest , this is a good thing . perhaps you \'ve heard that it \'s a nightmare to learn vista . that \'s a load of hogwash . a few things are renamed , a few things have been moved around , and on the whole everything looks prettier . but it \'s still windows ; it accomplishes the same tasks and it works virtually the same as it always did . -included software bundle - taking a hint from apple , microsoft has included a compliment of digital media manipulation software . while of course ilife is superior , there is one issue that must be cleared up : ilife is not an integral part of mac os x as you may have been led to believe . older mac users must purchase it ; it only comes with the newer macs . therefore , microsoft windows vista , to be purely technical , offers the most comprehensive digital media suite ever offered stock with an os . however , technicality is seldom practical , and microsoft \'s inclusion is no ilife killer . still , the included calendar ( new in vista ) , photo viewing and editing application ( new ) , windows media player 11 , windows movie maker , and windows dvd burning program ( new ) are nothing to scoff at . no , they wo n\'t replace dedicated , professional stand-alone programs , but let \'s be honest : neither will ilife . the new internet explorer 7 is a step forward from the piece of swiss cheese ie6 was , insofar as security . new features include a phishing filter , tabbed browsing , and improved security . additionally , ie7 runs in protected mode , also called a "" sandbox . "" the idea is that this one application is cordoned off from the rest of the system , thereby making it more difficult for malicious software to take control of your computer . but that \'s more for the security section of the review . the new ie7 is certainly more attractive than the older versions , and the version in vista offers enhanced visual appeal that the xp port of the software lacks . to be perfectly honest , i still use mozilla firefox ( mostly because i ca n\'t stand those blinking ads on web pages , and there is a firefox extension that gets rid of that annoyance once and for all ) , but if i had to , i would have no qualms using ie7. the new incarnation of window media player is really no different from the xp port . it still does n\'t support aac , and it still does n\'t handle gapless playback . as an ipod user and a progressive rock fan , respectively , i can gather only one thing from these shortcomings : it \'s time to break out itunes . do n\'t get me wrong : wmp is not at all a bad tool . it \'s still the default player on my system for most audio types . however , once an ipod owner and prog rocker , always an ipod owner / progger . i still say itunes is king , if only because its interface is cleaner , it supports my audio device , and it offers gapless playback . i have n\'t extensively tested the windows movie maker application , but i have read that it is updated very slightly from the xp version . the photo editing tool is completely new for vista , and after a little experimenting i was pleased that , though simple , the controls offer nice results . this application is on par with many of the basic image editing software packages you \'ll see offered with digital cameras , printers , and the like . the other applications have yet to receive my testing , only because i do n\'t often burn dvd movies , and i have n\'t entered an event in a calendar in about ten years . as far as windows mail , i cannot be objective because i have never used outlook or outlook express . reports seem to indicate that windows mail is simply a dressed-up outlook express , with many of the same features . as i said , i have never used a mail program . call me old-fashioned , but i just check and write my mail from my internet browser . either way , i do n\'t honestly believe microsoft would offer outlook-level functionality in the stripped down version of outlook 2007. all in all , i was rather impressed at the steps microsoft has taken to embrace the digital media age . the effort falls short of ilife and proprietary solutions in this regard , but then , that is simply to be expected . i have n\'t really benefited tremendously from the new additions , but there is certainly nothing wrong with them , and i know many people will be very happy with this digital media suite . -security - this is the big picking point many people ( rightfully ) have with windows xp . it seems as though there \'s at least two critical security updates every week . the mac commercials definitely have a point , but that \'s only because macs make up so small a percentage of the market share ( though it is indeed a growing share ) that it is not advantageous for malware to be written for os x users . even so , xp does n\'t get a free pass here . something had to be done . and that something was the security measures taken in windows vista . the "" sandbox "" has already been mentioned above , but other features have been added . one of these , windows defender ( microsoft \'s anti-spyware program ) , is one of those rare pieces of software that is just perfect : it may not be the best at what it does , but it \'s unobtrusive , it \'s simple to use , and it \'s totally and completely free . leave it on to supplement your already existing spyware solution , and you can only benefit . also featured in vista is the now infamous user account control ( uac ) . basically , it prompts you every time your computer does basically anything , including installing programs , running some programs , updating settings , etc. and , if you were wondering , the mac commercials have it right : it really is that annoying . to be fair , you will see far fewer of these alerts once the bulk of your software has been installed , but until then you will be very , very sick of uac . i do n\'t advise this , but since i was able to get my anti-virus and anti-spyware software up and running on vista , i finally turned off uac . symantic seems to think this was unwise , but norton virus scan does n\'t bother me about it other than to recommend , on its information page , that i leave uac activated . yeah . like that \'s going to happen . beyond these broad , tangible aspects of security , there is a lot of new stuff under the hood of vista that makes it less susceptible to malicious attacks . mostly , unless you \'re very savvy , you do n\'t need to understand it all and , to be frank , do n\'t ask me because i have n\'t the foggiest how it all works . i \'m just glad it \'s there . overall , i think microsoft has made a valiant effort with security . i would still not advise running any windows operating system without active virus and spyware protection , but at least vista has taken a step in the right direction . plus , you likely have anti-virus and anti-spyware software from running windows xp , which you can then install on vista . -the hardware - graphics : this is the part i have been waiting for . everything i read up until i finally installed vista told me i needed a dedicated graphics card with at least 256 mb of memory in order to run aero . i \'ll be honest : i fell for it . i had a graphics card *in my hand* , but on the way to the checkout i realized i had left my gift certificate at home . so i decided to wait and see how my hardware would react . this is where i realized the utter bias among the tech community : i had absolutely no trouble running aero on integrated graphics . and that only makes sense because my setup is rather typical : a 17 "" flat panel monitor and a modern computer . this will be what the majority of people have at the moment , and at this size , ig should have no trouble running aero . now use logic : if you want to run dual 24 "" widescreen monitors , yeah , you \'ll need a graphics card . especially since i do n\'t believe there even exists a dual monitor-capable ig motherboard ( if there is such a thing , it \'s certainly not available on the oem consumer market ) . but if you have a fairly typical single monitor scenario on a computer that you bought within the past few years , you should have no trouble at all insofar as graphics . do n\'t be fooled . if you want to be absolutely sure , however , there is no harm- -and plenty of good sense- -in downloading microsoft \'s free upgrade advisor utility to see if your setup is in any way deficient . plus , if you find you ca n\'t run aero for any reason , you were going to upgrade to vista anyway , so you can still buy dedicated graphics at that point . you do n\'t need the top-of-the-line card unless you want to make this an excuse to foray into gaming ; older technology that will get you up and running can be had for very reasonable prices . ram : there is one area , however , where many computers will be deficient : ram . oddly enough , while many sources are pushing the graphics card brigade , an almost equally strong force- -the computer manufacturers themselves- -seems to think that ram is no big deal . trust me : if you \'ve ever tried to run windows xp on 256 mb of ram , it \'s a painful experience . that \'s what vista is like on 512 mb- -you do n\'t even want to go there . dell is shockingly honest when they qualify the "" minimum "" vista requirement of 512 mb of ram ( as per microsoft ) as "" great for booting the operating system , without running any applications or games . "" this is where most people will have to upgrade their machines . 1 gb is perfectly acceptable ; if you want true multitasking power ( and you have the dual-core processor to support it ) , then go for 2 gb or more . for most people , however , 1 gb will be fine . my first of two vista machines has 1 gb and it works perfectly . i will warn you , though , that often times memory is installed in pairs , so your 512 mb is most likely two 256 mb modules . the paired method offers better performance , but it will make upgrading a system with only two memory slots somewhat expensive ( though not exorbitant by any means ) . but this is not somewhere you want to skimp , so at least one pair of 512 mb memory modules should be on your list of extra hardware if you have only 512 mb of memory currently installed . processor : this is perhaps the most accurate in terms of the hype . you \'ll need at least a 1 ghz processor to run aero . many computers with such processors do n\'t even support 1 gb of ram , so if you \'re in that situation , you will definitely be looking at a new computer with vista pre-installed . however , these are very old machines by this point , and most of us have something slightly newer . one myth that needs to be dispelled is that dual-core processors will run vista better than single-core cpus : vista is , for the most part , based on the microsoft server 2003 code , which is , in turn , based on the xp code , both of which came before the advent of multi-core processing . therefore , to the effect that the operating system is run , there will be only a marginal difference between a single-core or a dual-core cpu , provided both use identical core architectures . of course any applications that take advantage of multi-threading will benefit from multiple cores , but this was , is , and will always be the case , independent of the operating system . the question is simply whether you see yourself multitasking more with vista . if that \'s the case , then a new computer with a dual-core processor installed is probably your best bet ; if you \'re fine with your current setup , then it will most likely run vista and aero without any problems . it is interesting to note , however , that some upgrade aptitude utilities have some small quirks and will give conflicting and non-real results . for example , such a utility offered by advanced micro devices ( amd ) passed both my a64 x2-based machines without a hitch . however , when on a whim i ran it on my old p4-based desktop , the utility seemed to think that a 2.40b ghz pentium 4 northwood ( 533 fsb ) would be insufficient to run vista . i smell amd bias , even though i happen to favor amd over intel . just take what such utilities tell you with a grain of salt , and remember that microsoft \'s own utility is likely the most reliable . generally , your processor will not be an issue when upgrading to vista . hard drive : again , this one is pretty straightforward . if you have a 40 gb hard drive or better , you \'re good to go . and if you do n\'t have that , hard drives are so cheap these days that you could easily at least triple your current capacity for about what it costs to take the family out to dinner one evening ( amazon does not allow price figures , hence my vagueness regarding pricing throughout this review ) . things get interesting when you consider a dual boot scenario . this is when you have two operating systems running on the same system , either on the same or on different hard drives . in my honest opinion , this is the best way to go because you get to keep your current operating system ( just in case you run into problems with vista ) , and you also get to have vista . keep in mind that , in order to run vista on the same hard drive as your current os , you \'ll need to install each os on a separate partition . you can either purchase a third party partitioning tool , or do what i did , which was use the ubuntu linux live boot disc \'s built-in partitioning utility . of course there is risk involved with this last solution ( but , in my experience , i \'ve used it dozens of times with no problems ) , so do the latter only at your own risk . -compatibility - this is where most of the horror stories have come from . both hardware and software compatibility nightmares are flitting around in denser clusters than fish flies in june . up until recently , anti-virus and anti-spyware programs have been unable to install on vista . in addition , many proprietary printer applications are incompatible , yet the printer itself will often times function perfectly . graphics and sound card drivers still have n\'t really caught up , despite the fact that they \'ve had a little over two years to do so . i wo n\'t deny that , if your system just happens to roll the snake eyes , you \'re in for some hell . but it \'s not half as bad as you hear . i installed vista without a hitch ; there is a separate part of the process where the os scans the system for hardware , installs the necessary drivers , and then generates a list of anything that does n\'t install properly . every piece of hardware i had was recognized . in addition , my printer was recognized and installed in about five seconds , despite the fact that its own software would not install ( and that its maker , hp , still had n\'t posted a vista-compatible version ) . even my usb internet modem , which the upgrade advisor flat out said would not work with vista , installed and ran perfectly when i supplied the drivers from the manufacturer \'s website . the fact is , vista has shipped with exponentially more drivers than any edition of xp . plus , it \'s possible to supply drivers from manufacturers \' websites for the odd , esoteric bit of hardware that is n\'t immediately detected . sometimes it will work , sometimes not . but this is only to be expected when upgrading to a new os . i do n\'t seem to remember everything being rosy when xp came out , either . this is yet another item of strong support for a dual boot scenario . software is no different from hardware . all my software titles , with the possible exception of the ancient original roller coaster tycoon , work flawlessly with vista . and the latter did n\'t work with windows xp mce 2005 , either , so i do n\'t blame vista for this . if your software acts buggy or otherwise just wo n\'t work , check the manufacturer \'s website . if it \'s a fairly recent title , there will most likely be some compatibility patches or a whole new version of the application , all free of charge . just be ready to insert your product key , if required , in the latter case . now of course chances are that if you have some pet application from the mid-nineties , it might kick up a few dickens . again , a strong case for dual boot . the final and perhaps most prolific source of upgrade hell is , ironically , the upgrade itself . this process works by performing an in-place upgrade of an already existing operating system ( xp ) . these sorts of upgrades are notorious for problems , and the vista crop is no exception . however , since you \'re currently viewing the full version page , this obviously is n\'t an issue for you . just remember , the best ways to install vista are either as a clean installation ( if necessary obliterating an existing os ) or a dual boot scenario . anything else and you might experience problems . but this has always been the case with in-place upgrades . -overall - i thank you for reading this far . most people won\'t . i know this was pretty long , but i wanted to get it all out there for people to read . vista is not a bad operating system . was i absolutely floored with it ? it may require some more time , but it has n\'t been the revelation microsoft promised . this is somewhat disappointing , and yet , somewhat reassuring as well . i did n\'t suffer any downtime because i could n\'t figure out how the operating system works , i did n\'t have any glaring compatibility issues , and my computer has worked virtually error-free ever since i first installed the os . in short , the change , while not mind blowing , was n\'t drastic or disturbing , either . at the end of the day , just remember : it \'s windows . love it or leave it , it \'s just microsoft \'s operating system . vista will do the same thing as xp and earlier editions ; it \'s not a source of inspiration or drive . it \'s only as good as the person who \'s using it .'
 'james , you wrote : "" ben is weak , immature , a stalker , lazy , has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable to tell his parents no when they ask him to wear a scuba suit for their family friends . wow ! revolutionary film-making...not ! "" yes , ben was weak , immature , and had bad taste in women . his learning to overcome his weakness , immaturity , bad taste in women , and then defy his family and elaine \'s family was his coming of age story . that was the point of the movie . it went right over your head ! the acting was dead on and the subject matter was shocker when it came out ! how could you not love this movie ? maybe you need to grow up a little to see the value . watch it again in a few years . i think you will change your low opinion of this great classic movie over time .'
 'afi used to be a pretty good band . then , they decided to go emo-girlie-boy . the lead singer has made adramatic change from smelly-goth-dude to perfect-manicured-emo-girl / guy . what happened to smeely-goth-dude ? some of us actually like the music , not the "" emoness "" . not only that , but "" miss murder "" was waaaaay overplayed , and now it is encrested into my brain . i mean , come on , it \'s not even that good of a song . afi is looking to appeal to the mainstream . there \'s nothing wrong with that , if you keep your old sound , which this band has failed to do . this , my friends , is afi \'s worst album , if not hte worst album of 2006. check out the older afi stuff . "" sing the sorrow "" is okay , but if you want truley good music , you have to go back into their ninties albums'
 ""i 'm not going to cover the technical drawbacks of this software except to briefly mention that you should look over other reviews before you buy . however , despite annoying design features , this is quite an amazing piece of software ! i would certainly rate it a 5+ if there were n't some design shortcomings and undocumented features ; ) for starters , the educational intent of this software was well thought out . young people will certainly learn a lot about chess through using this program and they will have tremendous fun doing it ! the game teaches fairly advanced concepts in very clever and engaging ways for children of all ages and even adults . the graphics and characters are great . the explanations of principles are sound and they are reinforced through fun chess exercises . the program encourages young chess players and at the same time challenges them to improve . the product description above covers the scope of the concepts covered in detail and i found this description to be accurate so i wo n't repeat it . i spent about 2 hours with a 9 year old playing the game and i had a lot of fun ! i did n't find that this program was especially difficult to use and my young friend was able to figure it out intuitively . he also found it difficult to pull himself away and so did i . this definitely an activity you can enjoy along with your children . the overall concept for this teaching tool is interesting because it involves three layers of play . there is the overall game of rescuing the king who is trapped in the castle which is used as a tool to motivate the player to learn new chess skills that allow them to progress in this higher order game . embedded within this larger framework are a number of clever chess teaching games where you can record high scores and learn various skills . these can be selected from within an animated room , which gives the player some freedom of choice . additionally , there are other fun games that are not necessarily related to chess , but that allow the player to relax their chess concentration and refresh themselves for tackling more difficult chess skills challenges . i also think it 's good that kids could join [...] for a year and play against others as part of the purchase price . this gives them an arena to apply their chess knowledge and is a good community that is always available . there are other online chess communities that are free , but i still think this is a nice added bonus . i do n't think any parent could go wrong purchasing this software for their child . it 's good for hundreds or even thousands of hours of entertainment and its powered by an excellent chess engine . however , you ca n't play a game of chess against the computer with it . it is only a teaching tool . however , you can buy fritz grandmaster software for about [...] which does have this capability at a very low price point compared to other products of comparable playing ability . i 've heard criticisms of fritz 9 and my understanding is the extra cost does not add a lot of value . in fact , at this point there seems to be some bugs with fritz 9. if you purchase this product , you wo n't be disappointed . i wish they had it when i was learning to play chess""
 ""shaving gives me all sorts of problems , i must have super sensitive skin or something . i cannot afford laser and wax just is n't my thing . grabbed this for myself before christmas on a whim . it was money well spent ! after 3 months of use , i have gotten the hang of the product . i suggest you practise then shave regularly for a month or more . say , run the product over each leg once till you get used to it . then trying to completely remove the hair . my legs are unbelievably soft . no rash , one little tender area after i spent too much time there . do keep moving and keep a razor in the cabinet just in case . i still have trouble around my ankles . hair regrowth is markedly thinner since i began using it . by about half . what remains still grows long but i 'm , err , what does one call this process ? - doing it once a week and only takes a few minutes""
 ""i have sticked with sony since i got my first digital camera 4 years ago and sony camera has been the moneys worth ! this one dsc-t10 is the one for the parent who is carrying to much already and needs to pack down for a change . it fits in my purse and still have space for more , the only thing to remember to buy a slim fitting case for the camera and an extra battery ( for those kind of battery are not sold everywhere ) you need that one when you do n't thing you need an extra battery , you always run out at the wrong time . i recommend this one""
 ""there are two story lines here , one an unqualified celebration of the state of girls ' prep sports after a generation of title ix 's beneficial impact , and another the very qualified consideration of the state of some individual girls ' athletic lives after a generation of title ix 's less beneficial side-effects . heartbreak , fury , exultation are the viewer 's rewards . only quibble is that the climactic game was documented in too abbreviated a manner""
 'i did n\'t expect to "" like "" this book after reading the first 30 of 196 pages . the graphic detail used to describe a murder and the early decomposition of two dead bodies made me wonder where in the heck this story could go . and , more importantly , why would i want to read it ! where does the story go ? it \'s a wandering timetable . we know the two main characters , joseph and celice , both professors of zoology married for 30 years , are dead and the forward movement not only includes their ongoing decay , but also their eventual discovery by police dogs and the introduction of their grown daughter , syl , as she copes with her knowledge of their death . it also goes back to when they first met , as students sharing a study house at the shore . they are an unlikely pair , and yet , they come together through mutual attraction and what turns out to be a shared tragic experience , and live- -at least according to their estranged daughter- -an unremarkable life . the timetable further allows the reader to relive the last day of their lives , hour by hour , from the murder back to the moment they awoke and decided to spend the day together at the very shore where they \'d met some 30 years earlier . the layout of the story was brilliant , and not in the least bit confusing . the language ( british english ) is both lofty and gritty- -probably not unlike joseph and celice . some of the thoughtful insights about life and death are very , very poignant . for example , when syl contemplates the loss of her parents : "" ... her gene supplies had closed shop . their daughter was the next in line . she could not duck out of the queue . so she should not waste her time in this black universe . the world \'s small , breathing denizens , its quaking congregations and its stargazers , were fools to sacrifice the flaring briefness of their lives in hopes of paradise or fears of hell . no one transcends . there is no future and no past . there is no remedy for death- -or birth- -except to hug the spaces in between . live loud . live wide . live tall . "" i thought it was a very elegant way of illustrating both the fact that life always goes marching on , and the importance of our obligation to the dead ( and dying ) that we live life well . the title and thesis of the book are one and the same : "" being dead . "" highly recommend . from the author of "" a line between friends , "" mckenna publishing group'
 ""like the razor - i have problems with ingrown hairs on my neck and this shaver has helped to alleviate the problem - the nivea lotion is very soothing . i have had to live with the fact that the shave on my neck is not the closest in the world but c'eat la vie . i have taken to running a couple of passses dry to get a fairly close shave and then starting to apply the lotion as i continue . if you start with the lotion you wo n't get a close shave . i do wonder if one could n't simply buy a shaver ad apply some lotion at the end for the same affect""
 ""for fans , i suppose this would be a rather big delight ; for non-fans , it 's nothing that will turn you on to the band from jersey . they had some okay , cheesy hits in the ' 80s - but listening to some of their modern songs from this collection proves how completely out of touch they are nowadays""
 ""ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness )""
 ""plain and simple i 'm 32 years old and been dianosed with hbp since 15 years old . i 'm on three medication for hbp . i order this then i wait for it to come . i jjust happen to go to the doctor today , he takes my pressure and tells me its 113 / 100. when i arrive home one hour later , the device is waiting for me . i plug it up and it tells me my pressure is 101 / 75. sending the unit back""
 'this was given to my son who is going to be living in china this summer and presently knows no chinese . he \'s worked hard with this program and at least appears to be getting the tonal quality correct which is key in this language . a microphone is a must with this program . only wish it focused on certain key words other than phrases that would never be used , like "" an old man driving a car ""'
 '"" when was the last time you actually bought a ticket to see a movie , you actually paid your own money to see it ? "" "" last night , pasedena . the bicycle thief . "" "" it \'s an art movie . it does n\'t count . we \'re talking about movie movies . "" robert altman is one of my favorite directors , mainly for the way he finds insight in the most inane actions or phrases . this short exchange has many layers when taken out of context and many more when taken in context . with this dialog , the player reveals exactly why hollywood movies do n\'t make the money they should . not because they do n\'t make quality films , but because when a good movie does make money , it does n\'t count because it \'s not a "" movie movie . "" if he stopped to really listen to what was being said , he would \'ve seen that art films have a great drawing power and actually do n\'t cost much to make . but people still wonder why the modern film industry is suffering . wait , there \'s more . the people in the room do n\'t know it , but producer griffin mill , in a fit of paranoia , killed an unemployed screenwriter outside the theater that night . he was being stalked by a writer , but he blamed ( and murdered ) the wrong one . now he \'s still being stalked , still in danger of losing his job , and the cops suspect him of murder . not a good week for mister mill . as the conversation presses on , mill \'s potential replacement passes around a newspaper , telling people to read random headlines to be made into scripts . mill spots the story on his murder which we \'re already watching play out in a movie . yes , it \'s that type of movie , the self-referential hollywood movie about hollywood movies that keeps teasing itself for the viewers \' enjoyment . we \'ve seen it about a thousand times before ( or since ) : get shorty , adaptation , wes craven \'s new nightmare , even certain elements of 8 1 / 2. there \'s really nothing too special about it , but this one has much more subtlety and is much more believable . pay close attention to the ending scene , and think about what words they \'re using opposed to what they \'re really saying . there \'s really only one word for a film like this : "" clever !'
 ""i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it""
 'i took "" my "" unit to a monthly meeting for seniors . their machine broke & i took mine as a replacement . they liked it so well , they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings . they like all the different aspects of the machine . a suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine ?'
 ""this is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you 've probably never heard of . if you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you""
 'i have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the kids channels . i was hoping the dvd would show each of his songs as they are performed on tv . instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons . this would have been a better cd instead of a dv'
 ""the dvd says : nelly - the longest yard , boom , fly away and errtime ; no doubt - hella good ; natasha barr - move ; nicole kindle - oh my , oh my ! ; lynard skynard - saturday night special ; murphy lee - stomp ; jet - are you gonna be my girl ; the hollies - long cool woman ( in a black dress ) ; 216 - u should know ; public enemy - give it up and opus de soul ; d12 - my ballz and peter gunn theme ; michael kamen & buckethead - jack & the ripper ; mountain - mississippi queen ; methods of mayhem - narcotic ; the crystal method - roll it up ; big head todd & the monsters - boom boom ; ccr - have you ever seen the rain and bootleg ; david shire - fall-off truck and cats & dogs ; thomas newman - creek house ; wayne hancock - railroad blues ; norman greenbaum - spirit in the sky ; union turnpike - oh ; ludacris feat . lazyeye - get back ( clean rock mix ) ; ac / dc - thunderstruck and if you want blood ( you 've got it ) ; red hot chili peepers - higher ground ; kool keith & kutmasas kurt - break u off ; univ of southern california - usc drum cadence ; tracie spencer - still in my heart ; yea that 's different and prolly a double cd...off to itunes : )""
 ""they arrived on time and after that everything went downhill . the batteries charged lasted atleast five hours , so no complaints there , but the charger would keep coming out from the wall . it only seemed to work if it was all the way in and it would n't stay all the way in , i tried several outlets , finally after a whole two months it no longer worked at all""
 ""the only thing you can say about today 's music is that it 's disguisting , gross , and made by recording artists who drop out of school and seem to think that a life as a rap music artists is so cool , until they get shot . every copy of this cd should be burned""
 'i really , really like this piece of film.rated pg-13 for stylized action violence.good for anyon'
 'i read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of "" the hours . "" if that \'s your motivation , do n\'t waste your time . my english teachers will cringe when i say it , but this book , well , sucks . it may well be great literature , but the characters are not engaging , and if it was woolf \'s motive to out-do james joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative , she does n\'t pull it off . again , the characters and the internal mental life simply do n\'t have the power that "" ulysses "" has . reading woolf is necessary for a good eduction . i recommend , however , that you read "" to the lighthouse "" . i may still be motivated to read the book version of "" the hours "" given how great the movie was . but my taste for woolf is all done now .'
 ""since this is my first digital camera , i really ca n't compair it to others out there . however , it does everything i need it to do and has more features than i make use of ! i 've never had a problem with it""
 '................my man did his \' thing once again............... . ...................big-ups 2 dave , soul music.................. . & all musicians who \'ve collaborated *that \'s how it \'s 2 be done ! * .....why must feeble-minded folks always feel that it \'s always someone \'s job 2 educate them , why ca n\'t they relax & allow them - selves 2 be entertained ? *i suppose those of you that did n\'t get it were expecting for it 2 be "" just like "" the chapelle show ? were you expecting 2 see "" ashy larry all-up & through "" ! "" 2 see the fugees hit the stage @ 1 time + "" dead prez "" that was much more than enough 4 me , when lauryn song "" killing me softly "" i almost cried son ! "" ****matter of fact jersey stand up ! ! ! ! **** ******listen be not deceived , 4 those of you that have not see it *please do n\'t be fooled see it 4 your self 2 decide ! if you are not scared 2 be entertained "" dig-in "" ! ! ! ! ***** ......it \'s the roots , fugees , mosdef / black starr , jill scott , erykah , big daddy kane , kool g rap , cody chesnutt , & my brothers "" d-e-a-d*p-r-e-z "" . ! ! ! !'
 'reviewgium - volume i , issue xvii over sixty and still going strong , neil young has released a new album , largely politcal and essentially a focused attack on u.s. president george w . bush . as opposed to his last album which was a more bittersweet , country-tinged effort , living with war is a pretty much straightforward rock album , mostly electric with a background choir featured on many tracks , as well as an unusually predominant trumpet player on several tracks . musically , it \'s nothing spectacular , in fact every song more or less follows the same tired formula , and there are really no diversions from the grunge-like rhythm guitar chords . but the album is obviously intended to have a major focus on the vocals and lyrics . of course , many people do not like neil young \'s vocals , but there are many well-developed choral passages throughout the album , including a soulful , a capella arrangement of "" america the beautiful , "" which closes the album . so basically , i feel the vocal performances compensate- -though not totally- -for the lack of musical diversity . lyrically , the album is pretty blatant ; it could almost be a 60 \'s protest album . but underlying that , is a ray of hope and an urge to change our country for the better . there are a few decent tracks on the album , even if they are not exactly mind-blowing ( not that neil young was ever a showboater ) . "" after the garden "" is actually quite a good song as is "" shock and awe . "" "" flags of freedom "" is a bit of an upper , so i can probably call that the album highlight , though i \'m sure the more politically-minded citizen will enjoy "" let \'s impeach the president , "" an almost humorous overview of bush \'s faltering standpoints . the final three songs divert from the general theme of dismay and protest , and offer feelings of hope and introspection . if you are not a fan of neil young , you \'ll find nothing here that will convert you , so you may just want to leave this on the shelf . if you are "" anti-bush "" you might get a buzz off of the lyrical aspect , but that \'s probably the only thrill you will get . i tend to avoid anything political , so music aside , this album \'s message does not really appeal to me . it \'s like , yeah , people hate the president , blah blah blah , we know...give it a rest . for fans of neil , i would n\'t exactly say "" you \'re not missing anything "" by avoiding this album ; there is some good stuff on there , but you might want to wait until you see it cheap in the "" used "" bin at your local cd shop . and for those interested , this is not a crazy horse album .'
 'do you feel different from people around you ? do they resent your ingenuity ? have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? congratulations ! you are either in the aryan nations or the clan of the cave bear fan club , possibly both ! ( i exaggerate - you could be a nineteenth century english settler in australia , or a boer in south africa , or maybe you just like larry niven , but that \'s beside the point ) i can forgive auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . in the late 1970 \'s when she did her research , we did n\'t have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at wikipedia . ultimately we \'ll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and auel \'s is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion . similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . i have n\'t read her more recent works , but i imagine she has probably improved . even with the pendulous sentences clan is not unreadable . what infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . the story reads like a near-literal historicization of helena blavatsky \'s secret doctrine on the fall of the "" aryans "" - who interbred with "" subhumans "" introducing the world to , oh i dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book \'s neanderthal culture . of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug . against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . i would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give auel \'s books a wide berth . also ? enough rape scenes already'
 'if you have this book , keep using it for the review only , but not for the tests . i suggest , use 15 tests of meylani for the practice'
 ""like another reviewer 's , my experience has been mixed . i use this remote with the d50. sometimes the remote works , then it goes on strike . then suddenly it works again . same distance and angle from the camera . i changed the battery - same result . i hardly use it anymore because it is so unreliable""
 'every time this movie comes on my husband ( who is english ) and i watch it and laugh our heads off.if you have ever been in an english train station , drinking weak , watery cups of tea out of dirty , cracked cups.smelling mildew and stale cigarettes while you freeze to death you would see the humor in anyone being romantically moved while sitting there.and not to be crule , but these are not exactly a couple of sex-pots.the thought of two stodgy old english people being driven wild by their passion for each other is , well- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - hilarious ! i give it 5 stars for being so darn funny.oh- - - and the music- -- - please ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but it is worth watching for a good laugh'
 ""i give the db pro 5 stars , but i am totally disappointed in amazon.com and the gamecreaters , heres why the first thing i noticed is my box is different than that shown here.. . http : / / darkbasicpro.thegamecreators.com i didnt recieve any of the free software stated in the link above i cant find the over 45 demo 's over 25 tutorials over 600 textures over 120 sound effects 900 3d models that is stated here.. . http : / / darkbasic.thegamecreators.com / i applied the .59 upgrade patch and now my program wont start . it says its missing msvcr71.dll file . the original version was 1.05 i cant believe the darkbasic.com is advertising this product , yet amazon.com is shipping some ancient version . hopefully i will be able to resolve this issue. .""
 'someone named "" ndb "" ( and i \'m willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by "" ndboston "" in certain other online venues...ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy \'s kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they \'ve lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination . none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gonna prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled "" legend of the curse of the bambino , "" due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . )'
 ""if you 're looking to hear robert johnson 's songs , you should probably buy one of the awesome collections availible . as this legend and musical genius has now been dead for 65 years , i 'm not sure what the other reviewers were looking for besides other people covering his songs , and talk about his life.. . that 's all we have now . and of course the covers do not outdo him ; that would be impossible . but there is some very thoughtful discussion on the life of robert johnson and the world he lived in . the discussion with a former classmate is touching , and the covers of his songs by those who knew him ( robert lockwood jr. , honeyboy edwards ) and by some of the new delta-blues talent such as guy davis , roy rogers and especially alvin youngblood heart blew me away . gov't mule and sonny landreth do some awesome electric renditions of his work . the major let downs are the cuts into interviews and pointless displays of the rock n ' roll hall of fame gathering , and also bob weir 's performance , which is just plain bad . all in all , it is a good film , and it 's nice to actually be able to watch people play his music , as we will never be able to see the real thing""
 'i am not a photographer , but i enjoy taking good pictures . i never had a digital slr before ; the camera i had before the d50 was a nikon coolpix ( a compact one ) . i thought this would have been a good camera for someone who enjoys good pictures without being a pro . i realized that it was even better than what i expected ( maybe because i was coming from a nikon coolpix ) . the colors are amazing and the quality of the picture is extremely good . the d50 is among the cheapest digital slr \'s , and , at the same time , it is a very serious product . i do n\'t think the d50 is much inferior to the canon rebel , even if the canon has 2 more megapixels of resolution . i used both the d50 ( which i own ) and the rebel ( at my school ) and i think the d50 feels much more like a "" pro camera "" when you hold it in your hands , while the rebel feels more like a toy . the lenses provided in the package are good , but are basic . according to me the 18-55 is better than the 28-80 , but i think i should have bought the 55-200 as well : 18 to 200 covers most of the pictures that you can take . also the 18-135 that nikon sells with the d80 looks good to me , but they do n\'t make a kit with those lenses for the d50. the last thing that really amazes me is the .nef format ( nikon \'s raw format ) . it is impressive how quickly you can improve a .nef picture with your computer in just very few clicks of mouse . if you want a good camera , and you do n\'t want to spend too much money for it i think this is the best choice'
 ""some of the other reviews have said that the film is not editted properly and ' too slow' . i 'm not a film-maker and cannot comment on that other than to say that they are wrong . the film is amazing . i 'm not sure if there is any other movie or documentary that shows what a serialkiller-cum-dictator-cum-statesman is like . nowadays people might not know who idi amin is , or what he did , so its important to read up a little so you can truely appreciate this movie . he plays accordian ? you see him meeting with his ' advisors ' ( some of whom disappear so after . ) you see him play acting like a grown-up boy with toy soldiers . you see his self-appointed royal pedigree and send his support for nixon ! its fascinating and amazing . this is man that , self-proclaimed , actually ate some of his rivals ( not the whole body i hope ) . he killed many people directly and by his policies . his ego is outstanding and its an amazing movie . apparently , there is a new movies coming out about idi amin starring forrest whitaker . he 's a good actor and so i look forward to seeing it . but this is the real guy . its amazing and a feat probably never to happen again""
 ""as a fan of both celtic traditional and bluegrass music i was wary of a cd claiming to be a hybrid - too often it means an unsatisfactory compromise where original flavours become watered down and insipid . i need not have worried - tim o'brien has produced one of the most amazing and rewarding musical journeys i 've followed for some time . not only do the players from the two traditions blend instinctively and harmoniously but the tracks , mostly songs , are marvellous vehicles for new and exciting directions . there are superb performances all round , vocally from o'brien with guests paul brady , maura o'connell , kathhy mattea , del mccoury etc and musicians altan , frankie gavin , jerry douglas , earl scruggs , seamus egan and a host of others and the sound is fresh , acoustic and vital , requiring no production gimmicks or effects . standout songs for me personally are & quot ; mountaineer is always free&quot ; , & quot ; lost little children&quot ; , & quot ; wandering&quot ; and & quot ; john riley&quot ; although there is not a weak track on the cd . it is obvious that for tim o'brien this has been a labour of love . if you like acoustic music , from any tradition , either side of the atlantic , you 'll love it . several of my friends have bought it on my recommendation and agree it is brilliant""
 'i have yet to read a true grisham thriller , but i plan to in the near future . having said that , i have no idea how this compares , but i did n\'t really care for it . it \'s cute and has a sort of slapstick humor that i could n\'t get into . i felt like i was reading a teen or children \'s book , and i do n\'t like feeling so patronized when i read unless i knowingly pick up a picture book ready for the simplicity of a good message- -even then , i do n\'t usually feel patronized or "" written down to "" . it \'s simple writing and a simple plot . it \'s lighthearted and thus a light read . i imagine many people would enjoy it ; i just could n\'t get into it . :o'
 '"" the climb "" was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur \'s "" into thin air "" . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur \'s book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that "" the climb "" seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as "" into thin air "" , "" the climb "" still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev \'s english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding "" translations "" about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev \'s native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur \'s clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie "" everest "" .'
 '"" maiden voyage "" appears on innumerable lists of jazz masterpieces , and it is clear from the first listen that both the composition and the playing are at a level of technical proficiency unmatched on most albums of this era or any time afterward . nevertheless , the finished product is not one that all listeners will find appealing . to these ears , this album seems aimless and even somewhat annoying . the songs meander without clear structure and tony williams \' drumming seems at times to be going in a direction opposite that of the rest of the band . the influence of this album is indisputable , but its enjoyability is a more subjective matter . if you enjoy groundbreaking , cerebral jazz such as the music made by miles davis \' second quintet , then this album will probably work for you . if , on the other hand , you favor hancock \'s earlier and more accessible albums "" takin \' off "" and "" my point of view , "" this album may be a bit of a letdown'
 'in 1980 michael weiner saw the publication of weiner \'s herbal : the guide to herb medicine , which states the medical benefits of marijuana [7]. however he recently stated that the chemicals in marijuana make it too dangerous to be used as medicine . on his program , he strongly cautions against the recreational use of marijuana , occasionally devoting his show to "" marijuana horror stories "" and its claimed potential to ruin lives . he has authored a number of other books on various herbal medicine topics under this name . more recently , savage \'s books are political in nature and published by wnd books , a partnership between the conservative website worldnetdaily and thomas nelson , a publisher of christian books . in january 2003 he published the savage nation : saving america from the liberal assault on our borders , language and culture , his first book under the pseudonym michael savage . the book quickly reached the top of the new york times bestseller list earning savage , as noted above , a commentary show on msnbc . the controversial book directs attacks at "" media bias "" , the "" dominating culture of \' she-ocracy \' "" , gays , and liberals . critics have faulted savage for making a number of assertions in the book that he often fails to substantiate with facts or resources . exacerbating this condition is the fact that the book itself has no index . the book is divided into two - to four-page sections , many of which are near-exact replicas to columns he published on the conservative site newsmax.com . in january 2004 , savage published his second political book , the enemy within : saving america from the liberal assault on our schools , faith , and military . his newest book , liberalism is a mental disorder was released on april 12 , 2005. both of these books contained citations of nearly every assertion made , contrary to "" the savage nation . "" in january 2006 , savage announced that he would be releasing a new book , the political zoo , in mid-march . [8] the book will contain satirical profiles and cartoons of different people in politics as animals in the "" political zoo "" including one of savage himself , who will be portrayed as the zookeeper . savage has remarked that the book will be "" easier to digest "" than his previous political books . books as michael weiner plant a tree , new york : collier books , 1975 bugs in peanut butter , boston : little , brown , 1976. man \'s useful plants , new york : macmillan . 1976. earth medicine , earth food , new york : macmillan pub . co. , 1980. the way of the skeptical nutritionist , new york : macmillan , 1981. nutrition against aging , bantam books , 1983. secrets of fijian medicine , quantum books , 1983. "" vital signs "" , avant books , 1983 getting off cocaine , avon books , 1984. maximum immunity , boston : houghton mifflin , 1986. reducing the risk of alzheimer \'s , new york : stein and day , 1987. the complete book of homeopathy , garden city park , n.y. : avery pub . , 1989. the herbal bible , san rafael , ca : quantum books , 1992. healing children naturally , san rafael , ca : quantum books , 1993. herbs that heal : prescription for herbal healing , mill valley , ca : quantum books , 1994. the antioxidant cookbook , mill valley , ca : quantum books , 1995. [edit] books as michael savage the savage nation , wnd books , 2003. the enemy within , nelson current , 2004. liberalism is a mental disorder , nelson current , 2005. the political zoo , nelson current , 2006. michael alan weiner was born to a russian jewish family [1] in the borough of the bronx in new york city . michael savage earned a bachelor \'s from queens college in education and sociology . he taught high school for several years in new york city . following that , he earned two master \'s degrees in ethnobotany and anthropology from the university of hawaii . he then received a ph.d . in nutritional ethnomedicine in 1978 from the university of california , berkeley . his thesis was titled nutritional ethnomedicine in fiji . savage spent many years researching botany in the south pacific , and has a background in alternative medicine . he has stated he was a liberal at one time and never served in the military . weiner was a friend of openly gay beat poet allen ginsberg , offering to arrange readings for ginsberg and lawrence ferlinghetti in 1972. [2] some of his letters to ginsberg are held in ginsberg \'s archives and one of those letters describes an encounter with a young fijian man . [3] savage denies writing the letter and called it part of a "" smear campaign "" by "" gay fascists "" . [4] savage also once posed naked for a photograph with ginsberg while swimming in fiji . [5] ferlinghetti views weiner \'s reincarnation as michael savage as "" total opportunism , "" the crowning achievement of someone who was "" always looking to make a fast buck "" and "" always trying to think up new schemes to get famous . "" michael savage began his radio career in 1992 on san francisco \'s #1 news / talk radio station kgo , first doing fill in work for other hosts , then getting his own show on the weekend . two years later he was given a weekday show on kgo \'s sister station ksfo where he shared airtime with a liberal talk show host . he chose his "" nom de voix "" in "" the tonga islands in the 1960s . i stumbled upon the name of a [19th-century] shipwreck who was locally infamous -charles savage . his exploits were legendary , "" he said . "" so the name was bouncing around in my head . "" at the time , his slogan was "" to the right of rush , and to the left of god . "" on january 1 , 1995 he was given his own show during the drive-time hours . the show quickly became a local hit . in 1999 , he came to the attention of the talk radio network . on january 17 , 2000 he started doing an additional two hours of radio which was broadcast nationally . for the next eight months , savage would spend a total of five hours a day just talking . his national experiment was a success , and on september 21 , 2000 , he stopped doing separate shows , beginning a full three-hour national show . after just one year , he was in 150 markets . by 2003 , he was in over 200 markets and is currently the no . 3 radio host in the united states . in june 2003 , he had a salary dispute with his flagship station ksfo who refused to renegotiate his contract . he was off the air for three weeks . on july 1 , 2003 he began his show on a different station : knew in san francisco . since that dispute , he speaks badly of ksfo and of "" vanity or pretty boy "" sean hannity , whose show replaced his on the station . savage also speaks pejoratively when referencing his fellow talk radio hosts or individuals with whom he disagrees ( see list of michael savage neologisms ) . as of 2005 , savage has between 8 million and 10 million listeners per week . this makes his show the third most widely listened to broadcast in the united states . in 1996 he applied to be a dean at uc berkeley \'s graduate school of journalism . when he was not granted an interview due to lack of qualifications- -less than two years of experience in radio , with a ph.d . in epidemiology and nutrition science- -savage filed a discrimination lawsuit that was eventually dismissed . the position instead went to china scholar orville schell who , according to weiner , was less qualified than himself . savage was hired by msnbc to do a one-hour show starting march 8 , 2003. on july 7 , a mere four months later , he was fired for making anti-gay remarks in response to a caller , later identified as prank caller "" east coast bob . "" savage was doing an "" airline horror stories "" piece , when bob called into his show to talk about undercover security guards smoking in the bathroom . his next words were "" half hour into the flight , i need to suggest that don and mike should take your show so you can go to the dentist because your teeth are really bad "" . the words after "" should "" were bleeped out by a msnbc exec , which would make one believe that the caller was actually making lewd comments about savage \'s sexual orientation . savage asked if he was a "" sodomite "" , to which the caller answered "" yes "" . savage then said to the caller : "" oh , so you \'re one of those sodomites . you should only get aids and die , you pig , how \'s that ? why do n\'t you see if you can sue me , you pig . you got nothing better to do than to put me down , you piece of garbage , you got nothing better to do today , go eat a sausage and choke on it . get trichinosis . now do we have another nice caller here who \'s busy because he did n\'t have a nice night in the bathhouse who \'s angry at me today ? put another , put another sodomite on....no more calls ? i do n\'t care about these bums , they mean nothing to me . they \'re all sausages . "" [6] before the show was canceled , msnbc was replaying his show during primetime hours saturday night ; many believe the show would have been canceled even without his comments , and that msnbc was simply looking for an excuse to dump the program due to pressure from special interest groups . others point out that msnbc has had poor programming and ratings performance for a long time and that many talk shows of all different political stripes have come and gone quickly on the network .'
 ""if you think you 'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting , then you 'll enjoy this book .""
 'good scale - could have been better designe for feet - fat measurement pretty close'
 ""dr. scholl 's foot cream was excellent . it 's a rich overnight foot cream with a pleasant smell . my feet felt softer in the morning after using it at night and i noticed a difference immediately in my dry , cracked heels . i also ended up using it on my hands and elbows before i went to bed . especially my hands were really soft in the morning . i 've tried other foot creams and not been really impressed . but i think the difference is that dr. scholl 's has no alcohol in it , and it 's really rich so you can actually feel the moisture in your skin""
 'fifteen years ago i purchased this book for the first time . today i am buying it as a gift for my son . i feel i am giving him the gift of life all over again . even though i raised all my children with vitamin c added to their diets , he seems to have fallen off the & quot ; juice&quot ; wagon ! linus pauling was not only brilliant but clear and concise . i only wish i had known he published a book on quantum mechanics a long time ago . i shall purchase that too at last and maybe i shall have an inkling of what it is all about'
 'about the band : dead can dance is considered the seminal example of the ethereal or heavenly voices genre . in fact , the name of the label , 4ad , which carried many of the 1990s dcd releases , is sometimes also used to describe this genre of music , which is a fusion of subtle electronics , vocals , drums , world music , and a near limitless count of instruments . brendan perry sometimes has been described as a gothic frank sinatra . lisa gerrard \'s enchanting vocals are often sung in a language only known to lisa . i count myself among the many that hold these two musicians in the highest esteem . about the album : compared to more recent albums that are loaded with bonus tracks , the 50-minutes of into the labyrinth would seem short , if it were n\'t for the fact that i like to listen to this album over and over again . i count this album as one of my all time favorites , and certainly my most prized dead can dance cd . one of the nicest things about this album is that it features nearly equal amounts of both lisa \'s and brendan \'s ghostly vocals . on some tracks they accompany each other , while others feature only one of the artist \'s chilling or mystical sounding vocals . simply put , this is beautiful music to relax to . i honestly give this album my highest recommendations ! two tracks i \'d recommend sampling : "" towards the within "" ( featuring lisa \'s vox w / brendan backing ) and "" tell me about the forest "" ( featuring brendan \'s vox ) . i believe they best represent the range of songs you can expect with this album . please note that while all the tracks feature vocals , the lyrics for only those sung in english are included in the liner notes . similar artists : chances are if you are n\'t yet familiar with dead can dance , that you \'ve not yet discovered some of these other bands , but i highly recommend them as well : das zeichen , impressions of winter , love is colder than death , qntal , corvus corax , or helium vola . there is a rather large ( and somewhat underappreciated ) range of artists still producing heavenly voices music that is similar in quality to dead can dance . please check some of them out as well .'
 ""first off , many of these reviews address the actual use with this telescope....i cannot even comment on how well this telecope works because the two that were sent to me were broken ! i ordered well before christmas as a gift for my son...but to be his big gift from santa claus . my husband opened the telescope up late christmas eve to put it together and have it ready in front of the christmas tree and right away it was clear that this telescope was broken . the 2 mounting screws were bent , very bent . this puts you in quite a position when it needs to be up and ready for your child . after a whole lot of effort with amazon 's customer service ( from another country ! ) they sent a replacement...to the wrong address ! ! ( long story that i will not bore you with . ) when the 2nd telescope arrived my husband once again opens it up and guess what ? they same screws were again bent . the box on the outside was not damaged , but something is not working for them . i am so disapointed with them . this was the first time i had purchased something this big from amazon . i have mainly done music and movies , small stuff . after this experience i will no longer buy a big ticket item that would have the possibility of damage . it 's just not worth the headache and problems , not to mention disapointment , to my son . i would proceed with caution when ordering this item from amazon . if you get a broken one...you just might be receiving the 2 i have had to return""
 'i have been slogging through this book for weeks now , it was a terrible shock to the system after john julius norwich \'s excellent book on byzantium . the book lacks any narrative thrust , often stopping and retreading events slightly out of chronological order and frequently bringing all forward motion to a halt by describing the intricacies of some bureaucratic office or another . the one consistent thing throughout this book is the author \'s obvious agenda to "" set the record straight "" and prove that the ottoman empire was far superior to its "" barbaric "" european contemporaries'
 'this is by far one of the most beautiful recordings made by the bill evans trio . this was i \'m told bill \'s first all ballads record . riverside records released it on vinyl way back in 1962. none of the music sounds dated . considering it \'s 41 years old . this is the first recording bill made with chuck israels taking over for the late scott lafaro as the bass player . this album has a very haunting and romantic feeling to it . the music is sad in tone and suggests feelings of longing and sobering reflection . one goal that bill always strived for was to ballance intellect with passion to make intelligent and original sounding jazz . i dont even know if jazz is the right stamp to put on this recording . to me it sounds more like european classical music . also thank god for bill \'s college music theory teacher at southeastern university gretchen magee . because if it werent for her motivation {evans often thought of his work as unsatisfactory and sometimes needed alot of motivation from from bandmates and peers} he might not have composed his gorgeous original composition "" very early "" {which is the last track on the cd its just breathtaking...}being an amature pianist myself , "" very early "" and "" childrens play song "" were the first two evans \' compositions i taught myself to play . the piece is a composition played in c major at a slow waltz tempo . he played the tune until the end of his life in 1980 , but the original version on "" moonbeams "" might be the all around finest one . it is given a very slow and delicate treatment , and when he restates the theme at the end you can almost feel an imagrey of leaves or snow falling gently around you . i also really like his interpretation of "" it might as well be spring "" . i think that bill evans was a beautiful person and pianist because he was never flashy and this album proves that . he didnt play anything he didnt have to . he always played just the right amount of notes and chords . with this record it all comes together coherently to make a truly stunning musical statement . evans once told tony bennet to forget everything else and just concentrate on "" truth and beauty . "" with the album "" moonbeams "" fans of evans \' music and important legacy will clearly be able to hear his own truth and beauty about life glowing from this gorgeous album . highly recommended'
 'i really liked this cam bag..it serves its purpose very well and is really cute too !'
 'this has been my first cd of rod stewart and i am very proud to have this cd , because worth every penny . this cd has class . congratulations to the men behind . the duet with cher "" bewitched , bothered & bewildered "" is the best song.duet with queen latifah "" as time goes by , "" i was astonish , she has a nice voice too ! ! . all songs are relaxings . actually , i listen this cd before to go bed'
 'we have a "" closet shower "" , which made it difficult to get out of the way of the water spray ( not to mention having water spray out the door ) . we picked up this neat little shower head , and we \'re much happier now . you can avoid the water more easily ( for shaving , washing body , etc. ) , and since it aims straight down , no more turning the shower head all the way to the side to avoid it going right out the door . it \'s inexpensive , and has made our shower experience much better . i definitely recommend it'
 ""i picked this up because it 's considered a classic and i knew it had been made into a movie . i tend to think that if a book is made into a movie , then the book must be pretty good . not so with howard 's end. the plot in howard 's end does n't progress much outside of an early death and later marraige . you have to have some interest in the characters , but they just were n't very believeable . none of characters convinced me that they could be people from the real world . i kept waiting for someone to say anything that might border on being interesting , but everyone babbles on and on about nothing of any substance . the story is clearly dated and does n't hold up well so many years later . living in today 's world , it 's hard to understand what attracted margaret to henry . there definately is an audience for this book . i 'm just not a part of it""
 'this camera is really great . i knew i liked it before , but i immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when i ended up with a rebel xt as a "" loaner "" while my 20d was in repair . not that the xt is a bad camera , it just does n\'t really compare to the 20d . the 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since i have somewhat large hands . the features are great too . and the image quality is awesome . i do n\'t really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars . the only complaint i have about the camera is that it does n\'t have spot metering . the ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d .'
 'the scene where eric idle whines "" oh , you \'re no fun anymore ! "" is a deceptive one . if anything , these guys are even more fun than before . the second half of monty python \'s flying circus \'s first season is even more polished and mad than the first , continuing the tradition of short skits focused on complete insanity . in these episodes , we have : a serial-killer barber ; lecherous art critics ; an unfortunate man who tries to eat a cathedral , tunnel to java and jump the english channel ; ken shabby , every girl \'s dad \'s nightmare ; thuggish old ladies ; bloodthirsty librarians who want to hire a gorilla ; camel-spotting ; and prime ministers falling through the earth \'s crust . the longest and most bizarre skit is one where people mysteriously start turning into scotsmen and streaming north of the border . soon "" scotland will be choked with scotsmen , "" and england is pretty much abandoned . the culprits : tennis-playing , human-devouring blancmanges from the galaxy of andromeda . and , of course , the stuff that has become comedy legend : the scene where john cleese tries to return a dead parrot to a pet store ( "" it \'s a stiff ! bereft of life , it rests in peace ! "" ) , and the lumberjack song ( "" i cut down trees . i skip and jump / i like to press wild flowers / i put on women \'s clothing / and hang around in bars.. . "" ) . of course , no mere description can do justice to the comic brilliance of these dozens of skits . these five brits ( and one american , who did the little cartoons ) created some of the most unabashed , naughty , nasty , and just plain weird comedy ever , which still influences everything from saturday night live to author jasper fforde . and all of this by men who often dress up as the world \'s most unattractive girls , with only a tiny budget and minimal cast . the 70s production values are omnipresent , and they are decidedly unpolitically correct . but in a weird way , these only make it even funnier than it would have been otherwise - - the writing and acting are pure , raw , unrefined comedy . probably the most memorable actors here are cleese and idle . cleese does his psychotic shrieks better than anyone , as well as having that rubbery lanky body and howling monkey voice . and eric idle does a good job as everyone from a housewife to a wannabe mountain climber , while michael palin does a brilliant job as people who are timid or insane . by this point , the monty python guys had polished up their skits and reached a steady plateau of comic brilliance . in other words , it \'s funny and should be watched'
 'i recently finished reading this book . this is really a great book and gave me some insight into my own behaviour . it would be fair to say that this book has great value to those who get through first 3 chapters and understand the theory behind rest of the book . some reviewers have written about the validity of the theory iteself . while i am not qualified to comment on these reviews , one thing i can definitely conclude is that this book provides a solid base to those who are trying to understand their own behaviour and trying to achieve improvements in it . a theory , that too developed quarter century ago , can not be expected to stand 100% vindicated today . the more importent question is what use you are trying to put it to . so may be for a psyciatrist this is not a great book but for a layman like myself this book explains most of the things . after reading this book i could find out why i behave the way i behave mostof the times . to a certain extent i learnt to control my responses . also i have a feeling that the claims made by dr. harris might be quite right in 1972 in light of the knowledge , then prevalent . second objection seems to be dividing 5 or 6 billion population in 4 types of people . i think this conclusion is far from correct . dr. harris has repeated said that most of the people belong to "" i am not ok and you are ok "" category . out of the remaining 3 cattttegories 2 are shared by people who have not had proper childhood and the fourth is achieved by enlightenment of an individual . the objective here is not to merely categorize , but to show that how most of us have the common position "" i am not ok and you are ok "" . now this should not be taken as a gross simplification of human nature , but as a fundamental problem in human psycology that prevents one from producing rational responses . third critisism on this book stems from the fact dr. harris seems to quote philosophers with whom he does not agree 100%. it seems ludicrous to suggest that one must agree 100% with somebody else to merely quote a subsection which both of them agree upon . i do n\'t think dr. harris wrote this book to declare to the world that he belongs to or believes in a certain academic thought 100%. the books surely derives from various thoughts put forward by various intellectuals ( with whom he does not agree 100% ) for the benefit of the reader . to call this approach pretentious is pretentious iteself . i feel that reader should not by biased by comments made by reviewers . read this book with an open mind . read the chapeters on pac and marriage , pac and children , pac and social implications , pac and moral values . in this world that is becoming more and more crooked every other day , it tries to teach something good ( and this good is not subjective or relative but absolute ) . thanks'
 'when i first purchased the low-budget movie named "" pranks "" , i did n\'t really know what to expect . after all , "" pranks "" is a slasher / horror movie from the 80s , a very fertile period for such movies and time period which quite honestly produced some pretty good slasher and horror movies in general...unfortunately , after viewing "" pranks "" , i can honestly say that this is not one of them . "" pranks "" is about a group of college kids who are staying on campus over the holidays preparing a building which is going to be torn down i think ( herein lies another problem in that it is very difficult to understand what is going on in this movie because the acting is so poor ) . obviously , most kids have gone home for christmas and new year \'s except for this group of kids and one "" weird "" kid who ostensibly becomes the lead suspect as gruesome murders begin to occur . the murders remain largely unbeknownst to the characters in the movie , so the director and screenplay writer wanted to give the audience information to which the main characters are not privileged . the plot is decent enough although the execution is formulaic / generic and lacks luster throughout the film . one of the reasons for this is the pathetic acting we see in this movie , which really overshadows any kind of merit this movie is able to produce as a horror movie . there is no question that "" pranks "" is a low budget production to begin with and along with that , there is going to be some subpar acting , but the acting in "" pranks "" is borderline-awful ! ! it is this acting and poor direction that really makes it difficult for the tasteful horror movie viewer to stay interested . in fact , the movie comes off very generic in style and substance , and rather predictable and boring . the only thing that is even remotely interesting are the kills which are n\'t too bad considering the era in which this movie came out from . the director does use some weak misdirection to attempt to keep the audience guessing as to who the killer is , but the savy horror movie audience can clearly identify the "" weird guy "" as a "" red herring "" as another reviewer put it . in summary , "" pranks "" is a poorly executed attempt at a horror movie which suffers from terrible acting , extremely poor production values and flawed direction . the result is a dull , boring and weak horror movie with a few decent kills...certainly nothing to write home about . also , as a final note , the actor who plays the killer does a terrible job and comes off , in the end at least , like a total wuss'
 ""after waiting months for an order to be filled and then getting screwed by customer service / returns , i decided never to buy from amazon again . go to an electronics or camera store , you 'll get better service and the fresh air will do you good""
 'bought this for my husband who has a 2 hour ( one way ) commute by bus to work . he loves it . now he can nap without waking up with a cramp in his neck . it is very portable , with a small carrying case and is easy to blow-up . a bargain for the price'
 'from a sociological perspective , hustlers , beats , and others serves what it set out to do , explore the sociological aspects of billiards in america and the culture that has accompained it through time . however with the recent boom of billiards into mainstram american society , many of his observations and conclusions are dated if not false . te book just goes to many places , crime , pornography , etc. and fails what it set out to originally acomplish . furthermore , i find it quite unusal that the author chooses to contend a great deal of current ideologies toward billiards . is this not a sociological perspective , or an historical editorial.as a college student , and a sociology major , the author fails to win my support from his argument . all in all , quite disapointing as i found it at my local bookstore and the cover looked interesting . i was left with a feeling of disappointment when i finished this book , as it completely crushed many of the idealization and ideologies and norms that are associated to theculture of billiards . stick with the sociology , cut the editoria'
 ""i have been using omnipage for several years at my law office and found that the ocr with this version is impeccable . i frequently scan and ocr newspaper and magazine articles . they are multi-column and the magazine articles typically have graphics and tables or charts . when i convert them into word documents i seldom get any formating errors . in fact , because the ocr is so good i have set up a batch process to run at night to ocr all the day 's work so my computer resoiurces are n't being taxed when i am in the office working . way to go nuance""
 ""i bought this flash to use on a light pole with a flash trigger when we shoot weddings . rather than use one of my canon 580 's , i thought this was a better use of my $$-since i use this additional light in manual mode anyway . it does the job for under $10""
 'everyone has their favorite beatle . some people love to complain about paul \'s solo music , comparing it to john\'s . the fact is that each of the beatles had their own style , and together they had a magical symbiosis . separately they each pursued a solo career that simply solidified what we already knew . so paul \'s music is light hearted ? maybe even silly ? sure , but if you are like me and enjoy each beatle for what they brought to the group , then this is a wonderful album . no you wo n\'t find deep soul searching here , just fun ! and fun is what this album has in abundance . so if you want to curse paul for his naivet\x1a , do n\'t buy this album . if you loved the beatles , and enjoyed each one for their individual talent , this is a fun solo album . in my humble opinion it is paul \'s best solo album , as he really spreads his "" wings "" and you can hear the sense of freedom coming through loud and clear . later albums seem to become too engineered , and never seem to have the same energy that this album has .'
 'no longer intended to be a comprehensive reference , the guinness book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that are n\'t even actual records ( "" most overrated celebrity "" ) . if you \'re going to do this , why not offer one edition that plays it by the book ? so dies a noble institution'
 ""i like most of ac / dc 's music , but i ca n't stand their latest album stiff upper lip . stiff upper lip is the only ac / dc album where you can play it all the way through , and not even hear one good song . stiff upper lip does n't even come close to being as good as back in black or highway to hell . every song on it just bugs the heck out of me . listening to one song off this album is enough to test my patience ; but enduring all 12 of these musical abominations is enough to drive me crazy ! the overall sound is very similar to their earlier albums like highway to hell or back in black . but...those cds had variety , they were semi original , and they were actually pretty good . this cd is just completely worthless . i have heard some cra ppy cds in my lifetime , but none of them were more pain to listen to than this . the vocalist sounds about 10 times worse than he did on their earlier albums , the music is chunky , repetitive , dull , and boring , and most of the songs sound the same . stiff upper lip is so bland and dull sounding that it sounds more like the monotonous droning of an electric fan than a rock n roll band . the music is so repetitive and similar sounding that its more like listening to the same annoying song for 60 minutes than 12 separate tracks . this cd is just unbelievaby terrible . it is a disgrace to this band 's legacy , and the band members should be embarrased by it . oh well , i guess they probably only made this album because they needed to fulfill their record contract , so i guess they do n't care about how awful it is anyway . all i can tell you potential buyers is to stay as far away from this piece of garbage as possible . it is a total piece of cr ap and it is not fit to listen to . go buy a good ac / dc cd like let there be rock , high voltage , powerage , highway to hell , or back in black . stiff upper lip suc ks so hard it leaves a big purple bruise . it 's so awful i 'd rather listen to the new nickelback cd than this !""
 'saved my love life , literally . it worked for me in a couple days and though its a tad pricey well worth the money , doesnt burn or sting either . if only all other stuff i used worked this good i coulda had a date to the prom . cause i tried everything . thanks princereign'
 'i have owned the caruso molecular steam hairsetter for at least the last 15 years and would not buy any other hairsetting product . it is gentle on the hair and gives a wonderful , soft , steamed curl , as opposed to harsh , electric hot curlers . i recently purchased the new "" smaller version "" , because my old one - with the larger water / heating unit , burned out after many years of use . the old one required more water and a bit of salt . it gave great steam , filling the rollers with a lot of steam , thus giving a better curl to the hair . this newer version does not require salt , uses very little water , and does not have the steam making power the older version did . i am very dissappointed in this "" newly designed "" product . i have packed it away , and will use it only as a back up . i hate it when you use a product for many years and find they have upgraded , improved , or discontinued the product . sometimes , it is best to leave well enough alone . i will purchasing one of the older hairsetters on ebay'
 ""i used to have some remington shaver that a friend bought me for the last 5 yrs . it was n't bad , but sometimes it irritated the skin . my first shaver was my dad 's old school norelco shaver so i thought i 'd give them a try again . the first one i got from amazon was $40 ( i forgot the model # ) and ended up sending it back to norelco for their 60 day guarantee . it was just alright . this one i feel about the same way . i mean it shaves decently , but as an asian male with not much facial hair , i still see that i have to shave every couple days which i prefer not to . the cleaning system is cool , and the fact that this shaver is so easy to clean ( it says you can open it up and run it under water which i 've been doing to clean it ) make it worthwhile to me though . the battery life is also good . if there was a half star system , i 'd give this shaver a 4.5 / 5""
 'she really brings a character to life . and this short series of british comedy was really enjoyable'
 ""we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book""
 ""first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work""
 'art is a young man fresh out of college , and has a curious set of friends : arthur , an attractive gay man ; the enigmatic phlox with whom arthur works ; and the distinctly odd hedonist cleveland . art is uncertain of his sexuality , being torn between arthur and phlox . cleveland is a threat to the stability of anyone with whom he comes into contact . "" the mysteries of pittsburgh "" was a well-received , yet while at times i found it entertaining and witty , in truth it \'s a very bumpy piece of work in which the characters do n\'t really convince . the plot is unconvincing from the first , and descends into absurdity towards the end . in summary , it reads very much as a first effort , perhaps an experiment , but i found it baffling that anyone could consider it a mature piece of prose . g rodgers'
 '"" the essential jimmie rodgers "" is highly recommended for any serious country music fan . if anyone is the genuine article , it is jimmie . listeners will recognize some old favorites among the tracks including "" frankie and johnny "" , "" mule skinner blues "" and "" t for texas "" . there are also fine versions of "" waitin \' for a train "" and "" in the jailhouse now "" though some may prefer jerry lee lewis \' version of the former and the webb pierce recording of the latter . the most interesting tracks are less well known . these include "" my old pal "" , "" my old sunny south by the sea "" and one devoted not to a mother but a father ( ! ) - "" daddy and home "" . for this reviewer , the album hit its high point on the final track , a mournful "" tb blues "" , a reference to the disease that took jimmie \'s life at 35. while jimmie \'s yodeling style may not be for everyone , this reviewer considers this album a safe bet . keep in mind that jr was elected to both the country and rock and roll hall of fame . further , the "" essential "" series of albums rarely disappoints . these almost always sponsor well - produced compilations of our past heroes best efforts . "" the essential jimmie rodgers "" certainly falls into that category'
 'i \'ve purchased seven items from amazon in 2005 , so i \'m not a complete rookie . this item \'s ad title includes the word "" battery "" in big , bold letters . i purchased this kit advertised with a "" used price "" , but "" condition : new "" . the ad picture clearly shows a battery . i had looked at several ads and did not read the individual seller \'s comment "" battery missing "" in uppercase , though in regular font . to me , a missing part warrants more of a warning than a "" comment "" . that \'s my "" lesson learned "" , but i still find it confusing to advertise both complete and incomplete kits together under identical ad titles without a prominently displayed warning in big , bold text indicating that the most valuable part is missing . lesson learned : read the whole ad for the specific seller , especially the "" seller \'s comments ""'
 'this story should have and could have been really good . it presents a great concept , but the story is just so poorly crafted . it is very sexist , the prose is stiff , and the plot is dull . i will concede that it was interesting at times ; it kept me reading , but i really did n\'t get much out of it . i can only praise heinlein for including the "" intelligent conversation "" which takes place after the press conference , where there is a great explantion on why the english language is so difficult to learn . the whole story is just very odd . do read it though . it \'s a title to read if you wish to be considered "" well read . "" despite its faults , valentine michael smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten , just as we will never forget atticus from "" to kill a mockingbird . ""'
 'i loved "" come away with me "" the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n\'t have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album "" feels like home "" which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n\'t try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n\'t listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better'
 ""i was skeptical about buying this at first , but after seeing it in allure , and reading the various reviews on amazon , i decided to try it . i have to say , i was pleasantly surprised ; it does what it says . it wo n't work on cyctic acne or if the pimple has already come to a head . it does work on pimples that are just beginning. . those hard , tender knots deep under your skin you just know are going to be huge in a day or two . i 've used it on two pimples that were red bumps , and both were mostly gone within 24 hours . completely gone in less than 3 days . usually it would have taken 7-10 days for them to go away , and it would have been ugly""
 ""very seldom do i give up on a book ; i gave up on this one after several attempts to finish . i have read barbara delinsky in the past and have enjoyed her books . i remember the fascination with the peyton place / grace metalious hoopla in the 50 's and 60 's so i was expecting to enjoy this story . it is dull and tiresome .""
 ""if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding""
 '( it ? ) i have many of david and japan \'s albums , but this thinly composed album is repetitive , boring and annoying . i think there were some hidden tracks too , but i just wanted the album to be over . you are better off with "" dead bees on a cake "" , "" secrets of the beehive "" or any bee related titled album of his'
 'as a dad , i was really looking forward to a book on potty training to help me with my 2-year old . this book is lousy though . why ? 1. stupid writing . i got pretty sick of constantly reading all the sappy , "" witty "" remarks . "" dancing the potty mambo "" ? give me a break ! 2. stupid advice . this book keeps telling you to talk to your kid like he / she is an adult . i \'m sorry , but a 2-year-old just cannot comprehend a long drawn-out explanation of why you want them or do n\'t want them to do something . how about just saying , "" do n\'t do that ! "" or "" hey , you want to try this ? "" that seems to work just fine for me . why give your kid a doctoral dissertation every time you want them to do something ? what \'s wrong with just telling your kid what to do ( nicely ) , and expecting them to be obedient ? 3. repeating content . this book kept repeating itself over and over . okay , i got it already ! i strongly feel that the author wanted to push this book over the 200-page mark when all that needed to be said could probably have been accomplished in about 50 pages ( or less ) . 4. too many references . this book constantly refers to other chapters . i once counted 6 different references to other chapters on one page . i am not kidding ! huh ? is potty training really that freakin \' complicated ? all i want is some general ideas on how to go about it , how to get started , and a few good tips . i do n\'t need all these detailed references . ( nor do i need the phrase "" potty mambo "" repeated to me ad infinitum . ) here is all i wanted to know : -how do i get started ? -what do i do ? -how often do i need to try it ? -should i go for pullups or just keep him in diapers for the moment ? maybe this book got to all of that , but i quit after page 60. i just could n\'t take it anymore . after hearing the phrases "" stay positive "" and "" potty mambo "" repeated to me for the umpteenth time , i had to quit . i returned this book and got my money back . if i were to say anything good about this book , i would say that it has a few good tips , surrounded by about 180 pages of filler . potty training still looms ahead . will i be successful ? probably . but to this book i say , no thanks'
 'nothing original here . nothing overly humourous . overall pretty bland in my opinion . the only part i thought was really worth watching was when the casket exploded at the end .'
 ""fournier plays exquisitely , imbuing each note with an elegance of its own and keeping the piece lyrical yet still rhythmically precise . although his interpretation is romantic , the spirit is all bach with no egoism on the part of fournier . there is both serenity and tension in these recordings , and fournier 's smooth interpretation is one of the most moving recordings available""
 'the sound of it working is great ambient noise for sleeping and wth oils it makes you room smell wonderful ! it does a reasonable job of humidification in my medium sized bedroom but it acts a little snarky in that it tries to turn itself on often when there is no water left in it . and it doesnt hold enough water to enjoy it all night but it will run for several hours . the light show and the aromatherapy can be quite a nice mood setter romantically as well'
 'i have to agree with all these reviews already posted . i was getting error messages for intuit stating that i would not be able to download stock quotes after a certain date , so i ordered a new copy of quicken for $50 thinking it would be an upgrade . to my amazement , it is exactly the same as quicken 04 , no real developments . i feel very cheated by intuit . if 04 was only going to be good for a couple of years , they should have disclosed the fact in the first place . if they are going to squeeze money out of loyal customers , i would at least expect and improved product . they are making a real mistake here , as their credibility is now zip . i have been buying turbotax every year , and have been a loyal quicken user for many years , but now i think i will look for something else .'
 'compared to the conair 1 , 600w i have used for the past seven years or so it sounded incredibly loud and high-pitched when i first turned it on , but you may have a high-pitched blow dryer now- -compared to my old conair- -and wo n\'t notice a difference . it does n\'t have a cold air feature , which many women use regularly to either finish off their styling or to cause less damage to the hair ; or like me , in the summer when the option of switching from hot to cold is preferable . these two drawbacks , especially having only the hot at high or low setting , is why i give it four out of five , instead of five out of five star rating . pluses : price- -for $13 it ca n\'t be beat for the frugal shopper ; efficiency- -it blowdries my hair a bit faster than the conair did though i do n\'t understand the science behind that ; appearance- -it \'s cute and compact ; weight- -a toddler could wield this blow-dryer with ease ; carrying ease- -small enough to fit neatly in just about any drawer or a crammed gym bag , under the sink , et cetera . i have n\'t had this long enough to rate how durable it is , so i hope someone who \'s owned one for at least a year comes on to write , "" it \'s still going strong .'
 ""this thing is a cheap piece of plastic , and for the same price you can get the larger , nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well . i can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor . it has a nice design in terms of look and it 's compact . i also enjoy the lights for ambiance . but for relaxation , this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it 's worth""
 '\' live etc \' is an absolute must-have compilation for all true gong fans.it features a total of fifteen live tracks of tunes that originally appeared on the band \'s key albums \' camembert electrique \' , \' flying teapot \' , \' angel \'s egg \' and \' you\' .taken from unreleased live soundboard tapes ( i assume ) from shows between 1973-75.absolute best cut here is "" where have all the flowers gone ? "" along with "" 6 / 8 tune "" , that are the disc \'s only unreleased material.other cosmic gems include "" dynamite / i am your animal "" , "" isle of everywhere "" , "" oily way "" and "" master builder "" .duration is 78:33.heard they wanted to add the 16th cut that was originally on the 2-lp record , but the cd simply would n\'t hold it.talk about wanting to give your fans their money \'s worth.long live the mother gong ship ! recommended'
 'wow , i just viewed "" spun "" the other night and i thought this movie was outrageous . this is sort of a guilt-pleasure movie but you want to take shower afterwards . "" spun "" has an impressive cast of recognized actors . the film is , essentially , about a few days in the lives of a group of drug addicts . there is the cook ( mickey rourke , he truly makes this story worth watching ) , who makes the drug ( speed ) and sells it to spider mike ( john leguizamo ) , a dealer with a junkie girlfriend , cookie ( mena suvari , looking infinitely less attractive than she did in "" american beauty "" ) . one of his clients is ross ( jason schwartzman ) , who does a lot of favours for the cook and his girlfriend , nikki ( brittany murphy ) . i was surprised at how funny the film was at times . it does n\'t drown us in anti-drug messages , nor does it become one of those , equally tedious , drug films where you feel like the sober driver at a drunken party . the humour is dark , certainly , but funny nevertheless . a lot of it comes from a subplot about frisbee , patrick fugit , who is caught by a couple of tv policemen ( peter stormare and alexis arquette ) and is told he will be let off if he helps them get spider-mike . i will only say of the resulting sequence that he does it with all the subtlety of an undercover policeman with his badge stuck to his forehead . this is a film with a lot of energy , that seems , like its characters , not entirely sure where it is going , but determined to get there , and quickly . although i am sure it is boring to be surrounded by people on speed when you are sober , this film almost makes you feel like you are on speed too . the director , jonas ï¿½kerlund , has directed music videos in the past , and it shows in his impatient filming style , as he plays around with animation , speeded-up camerawork and such like . i \'m not recommending the film for its style though , although i am sure it is the best way this material could get to the screen . i am recommending it because i liked the main characters , which i think will stick in my head for much longer than the animated sex scenes or the split screens . i can imagine an entire film about the cook and nikki , or spider mike and cookie , or even just ross , who absentmindedly keeps leaving a girl handcuffed to his bed for hours / days . what makes "" spun "" better than those hypothetical films is that it puts the characters into their own little community , and we feel as if we are watching their everyday , speeded up , sleepless lives . simply amazing .'
 ""i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good""
 'true , there are many controversies raging about copying dvds and copyrights . i suspect we are in a transition zone with all this and "" the industry "" will figure out how to help people love and cherish their dvds rather than simply calling everyone a pirate . having said that , i can also understand why an author of such a book would n\'t want to "" say too much "" about this controversy , especially if he his looking over his shoulder at "" the lawyers . "" i was trying to think of an analogy to express my disapointment in this book ( and this is n\'t a good one ) but it goes like this : you want to go to israel and you buy a book on "" israel for dummies "" and you search for something , anything on the controversy of the wall they are building . but instead of finding a discussion of the controversy you find a few off-handed quips about "" there \'s a wall going up and it \'s causing some controversy . \' nuff said . "" "" \' nuff said "" ? hel-lo ? were dummies out here , that \'s why we bought the dumb book ! there might be some useful information for some people , but i was sorely disappointed'
 'i believe this will be very helpful for christian people to understand who god is through the life'
 'i was so excited to get this ! the terrain on our lot has quite a slant to it because we \'re on a hill . my husband and i thought this would easily help us create a materials list for our retaining walls that we wanted to put out front . long story short.. . i spent hours ( at least 40 ) getting the dimensions of our house correct and trying to get the yard right . we even rented a surveying instrument to determine the slope of our yard to input elevation points . many hours wasted.. . the software does not let you set the height of the retaining walls and it inputs random walls and pieces of wall in the 3-d view that you ca n\'t get rid of . the flowers are hard to place , they do n\'t end up where you want them . besides , the "" plant chooser "" does n\'t have hardly any perrenial plants to choose from . bottom line : i spent $50 in software costs and $50 for a surveying instrument and ended up having to calculate the wall length and height manually . if you have a flat lot , this might work well for you . for anyone that has hills , or slopes to their yard , good luck !'
 ""i enjoyed this book for the most part . i feel the trip throught the stargate could have been better developed but it was enjoyable to see an inside view of the workings of the & quot ; mountain&quot ; . the main characters were all there , participating in the problem solving . there was a writers view of the teamwork seen in each episode , and some food for thought added in as well . is the world really ready for the idea that we are part of a bigger universe out there ? i do n't know but this book presents some interesting questions . i await the next book in the series""
 'if you liked "" raise the red lantern "" or "" the last emperor "" , this is a perfect movie.gong li , who played a concubine fighting with others for her husband \'s affection now plays a woman who realizes another man loves her husband . "" farewell my concubine "" uses chinese opera as a way of telling the story.i used to listen to a lot of chinese opera- -which is an acquired taste.this movie uses the story of a king&his beloved concubine \'s self-sacrifice to frame the love story between two men.when one of the men falls in love with and marries a woman , the stage is set for a tragic love triangle.the final scenes are chilling , powerful.this is a spectacle not to be missed'
 ""i bought these binoculars because i wanted a medium size pair to use primarily for birding . first time out , i had difficulty getting a clear focus . to make maters worse , every bird that i looked at had a halo of red chromatic aberration around it 's head . i have a pair of nikon 10x25s which out performed the bushnell 's hands down in terms of both clarity and sharpness . i am returning the bushnell 's and considering the audubon equinox hp binoculars instead .""
 ""for the price you cant beat this product , if the problem i 'm experiencing can be solved . i bought two of these brushes , one for my home bathroom and one for my work-out bag . love the price and timer feature.. . but it seems that once i 've used up the power in the brush , it wont recharge properly . i 'm experiencing this problem with both brushes no matter how long i leave it in the charger . if there is a simple fix for this then i 'd say 5 stars . if not , then 2 stars is well earned , seeing as how i 've been on their support line waiting ( as i type this ) for over an hour""
 'this is my favorite movie . i like it all : screenplay , director , actors , etc. believe it brilliant'
 'ray sawyer ( rick cramer ) , agnes bruckner ( eden ) , laura ramsey ( rachel ) , jonathan jackson ( eric ) , and d.j. cotrana ( sean ) star in this scary and bloody slasher movie . eric and eden are going through any typical teen romance ; going steady one minute , broken up the next . eden works at a local truck stop as a waitress . one evening , ray pulls into the truck stop to get some food . known as the local nut case , ray has few friends and owns a filling station on the edge of town . later that same evening , ray comes upon eric and eden on a lonely bridge . swerving to miss eric \'s jeep , ray instead crashes into an on-coming car . the impact of the crash sends the car slamming through the guardrail of the bridge . the car is now teetering precariously on the side of the bridge . ray jumps from his truck and goes to the aid of the woman inside the car . after pulling her to safety , ray goes back inside to retrieve a suitcase that the woman told him about . however , both ray and the car tumble over the side of the bridge and into the water below . to make matters worse , the suitcase is full of poisonous snakes , who immediately begin striking at ray . all that can be heard are ray \'s screams as the car sinks . ray \'s body is pulled from the water and taken to the local morgue . but it does n\'t remain there for long . it seems that the woman in the car was a voodoo priestess , and the snakes were used to "" cleanse "" people by drawing the evil out of them . now , the evil venom is flowing through ray . now begins a bloodbath of carnage as ray , possessed by the power of the evil venom flowing through him , begins to stalk unsuspecting victims . one by one , he exacts his revenge on eden \'s friends until only eden remains . who will win this final showdown ; ray or eden ? i \'ve always been a big fan of slasher-type films , and characters like freddy from the "" nightmare on elm street "" series , as well as jason from "" friday the 13th "" . ray sawyer fits the mold of the typical slasher perfectly . the motives are the same ; kill as many teenagers as possible , and ray succeeds in this very well . i thought the story involving voodoo was well-conceived . the special effects were good , too . i recommend this movie to horror and slasher fans . although the movie is short ( only about 80 minutes ) , there \'s lots of slashing in a short amount of time . if you enjoy a good slasher flick , then do n\'t miss "" venom "" .'
 'i bought two of these for my son....hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night , without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident . this pad is definitely leakproof . the only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing....that is not the case . i have tried it with jersey sheets , and flannel sheets...but it does move alot and get bunched up . so , i do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night . if i had it to do over again , i would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps .'
 ""i really want to like thich nhat hanh 's books . i want to because people i respect like them , because i believe in the value of mindful living.. . but the truth is that i did n't find this book very helpful . i have real and continuing struggles with anger and this book while interesting in a round about way is , as others have mentioned , not directed toward the problem of anger . it is a mindful living remix . i 'm going to keep searching for a great tnh book and when i do i 'll recommend it . good hunting""
 'ageless body is deepak \'s attempt to neutralize the word "" old "" as in old age . the writer has a knack for making common words , like "" body , "" mind "" and "" self , "" into profound concepts . his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies . but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound . if you like poetry , deepak may be your read : "" the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ; ( p . 36 ) "" or try to interpret this one : "" the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born . ( p.40 ) "" at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible . he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "" intelligent design . "" he ca n\'t accept the growth of any cell , even a plant cell , without an intelligence involved . he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p . 115 , asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process . deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms : intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself . whether your word game tosses in the word "" quantum "" or not does n\'t change much . what a solipsistic thought ; what a solipsistic world . i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of would n\'t , after awhile , go insane'
 'this is a nice item to add to a collection of d&d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never "" compelled "" by the story . i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game. .'
 ""as a contemporary of joan baez ( age-wise ) , i loved her early music and the power of her incredible voice . i even empathize with much of her politics , but unfortunately it 's time she rested on her laurels . her voice on this cd is quite far removed from what she was once capable of , and in fact i would have to say that there is no comparison between her vocal ability on bowery songs , and her earlier quality . like some professional athletes , she seems to not know when to quit.. .""
 ""je suis un peu d\x1a\x1au par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . \x1aa tra\x1ane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre \x1a l' \x1apoque aussi ! \x1aa \x1a qd m\x1ame 13 ans""
 'i used this unit to calibrate my mitsubishi wd65732 dlp hd tv and was surprised at how good the picture looks after the adjustment . i first went through the tv manual to make sure i understood all the various adjustments the tv makes and wrote them down on a spreadsheet so i could study them and make sure i knew how the language related to the spydertv adjustment language . once i did that and marked down the adjustment ranges , it was a breeze to run the software and make the adjustments . it even creates a pdf file at the conclusion for record purposes and future comparisons . some of the adjustments for color temperature were surprising , but the bottom line is that the picture looks great'
 'i first heard about this product in a bad review of a different software product for converting lps to cds . after a little research , i decided to try this product of the many that are out there . this software is not expensive and for me , it does what i expected it to do . it is easy to set up and use , and i am using it with an audio-technica pl120 turntable . the first lp i converted was stevie wonder \'s innervisions , and with this album in particular , the songs run together , i.e. there is no separation between the tracks . this software allowed me to create fairly accurate tracks so i could access individual songs . i also cleaned up some background noise with the "" one click "" noise reduction , and the music from this old album sounds great . this is my first software for this purpose so unfortunately i cannot compare it to others . what i can tell you is that it is inexpensive , easy to use , and it does what it says it will do'
 ""bo diddley is one of the most underrated rock and roll artist . such gems as & quot ; bo diddley&quot ; & quot ; say man&quot ; and & quot ; who do you love&quot ; are just the tip of the iceberg . add in the blues , like & quot ; i 'm a man&quot ; and you have a truely outstanding set . the set also includes a very informative booklet that includes a bio , pictures and discography . do not settle for less than what is offered here""
 ""it shows the power of god and what he wants to do in our lives if we 'll simply obey him . how many rhees howells has god raised up but because they would n't walk with him , god was n't able to use them . i would say this is a terrifying book because i know this is something that god wants from every believer . let 's walk with jesus and see what he wants to do in our lives . regardless of our age or function in the body of christ , we can all be prayer warriors . will you ( and will i ) be warriors in the prayer closet ? that 's one the important questions that jesus is asking his church in these last days""
 ""i bought 2 barbie dvd and this is one of them . it 's dark and scary at the beginning and the story line is not that great compare with the other one i have ( mermaidia ) . it does n't attract my daughter like mermaidia and she does n't like it that much . do n't buy this . get the mermaidia one""
 ""i usually do n't do album reviews but i gotta say this was tight from beginning to end and i was shook that this was given a low reading by a magazine i call & quot ; the sauce&quot ; so many of yall need to stop reading magazine ratings and come to sites likes this and read your own peers ratings . word of mouth is bliss . a-g-2-a-ke who came out on rap-a-lot has n't come out with a cd since this classic . i 'm salty they did n't & quot ; make it&quot ; because this was heavily slept on""
 'for anyone on the fence about these , jump over to my side ; ) my ( then ) 2 year old had gotten a hold of my husband \'s permanent black marker . we just bought a brand new refrigerator . i turned my back for a few moments , and when i looked back , she had scribbled *all over* my new fridge . i tried bleach , soap , scrubby sponges.. . nothing worked . my first new appliance was ruined ! on a whim i bought this . ( could n\'t hurt , right ? ) it got it off immediately ! ( i had to press a little bit to get it out of the grooves . ) i was so excited , i started running around my house trying to find things to scrub.. . i know that it removes shoe scuffs with ease , markers or crayons from walls , and a multitude of other "" sins "" your children may commit against your home .'
 'i hate it when rock stars form those g0d awful "" supergroups "" . ca n\'t people see that putting a whole bunch of different people from different bands together in one band is just a marketing scam and nothing more ? there \'s no such thing as a good supergroup . the supergroup is the only kind of band that deliberately tries to $uck . when damn yankees released their 1990 debut , every song on it was so incredibly generic , there was no hope for this band . the whole album seemed rushed and thrown together . they had nothing meaningful to say with these songs , it just seemed like they were pumping out filler and hoping somebody would be stupid enough to fall for their "" supergroup "" scam . the big , booming , arena rock choruses just ring hollow . i guess they \'re trying to be catchy and have memorable hooks , but to me , it just sounds like a lot of filler . supergroups will always suck , because they diliberately try to sound bad ! thats right people ! supergroup members know that since they \'re already popular , the album they \'re putting out is guaranteed to be a big seller- -- - "" why bother trying to come up with good songs ? we \'re already popular , so people will buy it no matter how bad it is ! lets just put out filler . "" supergroups are a total farce , its just easy money for the people involved , and nothing more . if you buy any album by any supergroup , than you my friend , are a sucker ! if you want to hear shaw or blades at their best , just keep listening to any styx or night ranger album , and avoid anything by damn yankees , or any other supergroup'
 'i purchased this for use in my bathtub . it is more comfortable than the blow-up ones and stays cleaner .'
 ""this movie survives in my memory for over 40 years as one of the most boring stupid excuses for a comedy ever made . i use it as a benchmark to compare all other really bad comedies . they are either worse than this one ( rare ) or better than this one . as an example : buffalo ' 66 is worse . if you watch both in the same day , you will surely die""
 'the camera has really amazing features . but it also has an outrageously major focus weekness . i made a mistake of buying one'
 'just returned the mobicam - had poor reception , even in adjacent room ! smallo screen & not stable - falls easy & seems like would break very quickly with a 3 yr old in the house !'
 ""one of the warmest , most pleasantly lip-smacking film 's ever ! made by a guy with a super-sized heart , america is a joyous celebration of the burger , and the down-home folks who create some of the most wonderfully odd versions of it . take it from someone who has the hamburger america poster hanging up - this little treasure is a home library essential""
 ""this cd was devoid of any of govi 's usual emotional imprint or soaring guitar work . frankly , it was just a bunch of new age background noise that one would hear on elevators . some of the craig chaquico-style stuff was interesting , but better left to craig . try 7th heaven , mosaico or guitar odyssey instead""
 ""i 've used the ati all-in-wonder remote with a make-shift media center solution before and it 's been sluggish , and sometimes non-responsive . not so for the firefly . quick , responsive and adaptive . i also tried the cyberlink media remote . not even suitable to prop-up a bird-food tray . you 'll find cyberlink 's tech support is positively absurd . their primary focus is to ask you tons of questions till you run out of patience , or till they find an excuse to tell you they ca n't help you . the firefly really rocks . controls several programs and tools and even provides a mouse interface incase you ca n't get things just right with the application and pre-defined buttons . if you have a pc and want media-center performance on it - i 'd recommend this guy . sadly the data is rf for this remote ; not ir . i was hoping to ' absorb ' all the functions of this remote into my harmony 688 but they do n't talk the same . i think snapstream offers another product to talk ir for the same purposes , but i 'm not there yet . still getting my sea-legs with the firefly 's abilities .""
 'i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run'
 ""this animated perversion of star wars is an insult to one of the best sci-fi epics of all times . the characters are utterly rediculus ( seriously , if the jedi were that actually powerful , why did they need the clones ? ) , there is no plotline to speak of , and the entire thing is badly animated and has crappy voice acting . if you want a good build-up to episode iii , i suggest playing star wars : republic commando and reading labyrinth of evil and the other clone wars novels . do n't wast your money on this , it 's not worth it""
 ""what if you 're a runaway secret agent , really , really , really tired of the war . then some geek tells you he 's found a genuine martian artifact leading to a spaceship . what would you do ? annoyingly , as you set out to recover the spaceship , there 's just a little bit of sabotage . and there 's the war , still . and then there 's the spaceship . and you uncover something of why the martians have abandoned space as you know it . it 's takeshi . taking the lead . uncovering a big secret . trying to find a way out of war , only to discover there 's been little change since the martians left . no change , really . there 's still a war. .""
 'my bother-in-law and i went to africa on safari last year . we had purchased the binoculars especially to use while hunting . the optics were good and we were initially impressed by the image stabilization while still here in the states . our impressions were confirmed when our professional hunters fell in love with them during the hunt . they were so impressed by the is and price that we left a pair with our hunter . he used them for the entire season last year , and when he visited "" the states "" last month , he reported that they are still doing well'
 ""this film has some good actors in it but the plot is pretty shaky and hard to follow at times . it is not comparable to other great westerns made during the sixties . eli wallach is good but confusing- -who and what is he after ? the color is good and it sounds like a sergo leone picure but it isn't . what a shame ! ! ! it could have been made better- -less comedy and more plot and of course - -action and suspense ! ! ! ! buy or rent on your own if you dare- -- -i would n't""
 ""i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ?""
 'i love this band and have all the rest of their cds'
 'hey , brrrrruuuuuccce ! what \'s the deal ? just about every major top 40 artist has had their catalogs sonically updated except yours . why can we buy the "" tracks "" editions , and get glorious hdcd-encoded sound , but "" town "" sounds like it \'s coming out an am radio ? ok , you did your best , but dubya \'s back in the white house for the next four years , and kerry \'s home in his underwear watching the weather channel . you should have plenty of time on your hands now.. . get busy ! let \'s see some remastering !'
 'oh dear . this is another book like the horrible "" who moved my cheese ? "" that attempts to manipulate grown adults by treating them like children . like the aforementioned "" who thinks my cheese stinks ? "" ( or whatever it is called ) , i saw some people in the organisation where i work trying to sneakily weave it into the corporate culture and it lasted about five days . it \'s all about making work "" fun "" . yep , work can be "" fun "" . tell that to the folks who work in hospital waste disposal . or maybe those who deal with animal cruelty cases . of course , it \'s just great "" fun "" to deal with children who have just had their parents killed , or folks who just lost their kids . because that \'s what work is - "" fun "" - or so this book would have you believe you can convince your workers . of course in the examples i have listed above , it does n\'t really work too well , because this is really about getting people in perceived lower-end occupations like factories or call-centres to believe their mind-numbing daily tasks can be "" fun "" . myself , i do have some "" fun "" at work , but probably like many people with more than one brain cell , it is based on having a laugh with my co-workers about the sheer absurdity of where our work life often takes us . you can call this cynicism , which is probably how it would be viewed by people who buy into this dumb "" fish "" -style "" work must be fun "" philosophy . i \'d call it black humour , but it keeps people sane and makes difficult work more bearable . as to the title of my review - this method of making the workplace "" fun "" in a forced way is very useful if you have employees that you wish to isolate and marginalise . first immerse people in the cult-like atmosphere and tell them that they are now to regard work as "" fun "" . second , let them know that they now "" choose "" their attitude - if they are unhappy in any way ( regardless of them doing their work well or not ) , they are "" letting the team down "" and not complying with the obligation to "" make work fun "" . third , while the majority of victims or workers , however you choose to view your prey , swallow the "" work is fun "" message and display the behaviour of sea lions clapping to get a mouthful of fish , you can point to those who have shown a small streak of individual identity and are not having fun at work and use the enron-style message that they "" just do n\'t get it "" . in this way , the resistant individual can be said to be "" incompatible with our mission and values "" , "" bad for morale "" or just "" out of step "" . in this way , the "" fun-loving "" workers , who have now taken on the costume of "" forced false fun "" can be set against them . of course this will compound their unhappiness and isolate them further until they are totally marginalised and can be tossed on the scrapheap or forced to resign . this book is useful then , if you wish to convince idiots that their "" work is fun "" . just do n\'t try it on a group of people with a brain between them who might take their work seriously . they might tell you to stick your "" fish "" where the sun does n\'t shine'
 'it was amazing when i read this , how self centered and morally wrong this man was . it makes me sick to my stumach to read it . this was nothing more then glorifing his looting and murdering in cold blood . if you have a chance skip this one and read somthing like "" company commander "" or "" band of brothers "" somthing worth while'
 'purchased this software because i got a deal with a special price break . i have a very small business , so a purchase of several hundred dollars needs to pay back quickly . the set up took a lot longer than i had anticipated . the customer service was no help - could n\'t answer my questions . i ended up spending 6 hours to get everything right - another day wasted . i \'ve got myself stuck with this now and will use for a few months since i \'ve spent the money , but i \'m going to look for alternatives in the meantime . if this is "" quick books , "" i need to find "" lightning fast "" books somewhere'
 'i tried with two sets of new batteries , the goggle unit flashed but no massaging action whatsoever happened . besides that , the design looks cheap and it feels very tight and uncomfortable to wear . avoid this item'
 'this is the first piece of writing i have read from albert camus and i found it very interesting . the character meursault is a very indifferent character who seems to be very impartial when he hears of his mother \'s death and kind of continues to be static untill the the second half of the book . i do not want to give the book away as some of the others have , but i feel that no matter what one person does and no matter what ones perception is , it can never match the perception of others . one of my favorite lines in the story is when meursault is talking to the chaplain about seeking redemption through god because according th chaplain "" it is not the human justice that matters but divine justice "" and meursault \'s response was "" it was the human justice that put me here "" . no matter what acts you commit , whether they be henous , incensitive or loving , one way or another you will be judged and upon that judgement will be your sentence . it was definitely an easy read that takes the readers on a ride into the thoughts of a man who accepts the one thing he can not change ; his fate . "" with this , i dont even have a chance to survive , not even a slim one ""'
 ""mississippi and sugar baby are great songs , up there with the best dylan has done . however , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . still , i suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over 40 years performing and recording . the same cannot be said for ' 60s peers like paul mccartney or the stones . overall , time out of mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only not dark yet , standing in the doorway and trying to get to heaven truly belonging to the canon of great bob songs .""
 ""the animation ... excellent . the characters ... excellent . the premise ... excellent . laugh lines ... plenty of them and well executed . this is a movie you will say was worth spending your money on . the problem is ... as adults you will understand the movie is about putting the past to rest so you are free to enjoy your now and your future . for kids , they do n't see a lesson in putting your past to rest , they see - if you do n't like something - put it to rest ... as is r.i.p. - dead ! after the crotchety old man ( does n't every haunted house need one to heighten the tension ) identifies the haunting is related to someone he knows ... there is far too personal a vendetta to finish them off ( again ) . also shame on the producers of this movie.. . a kids movie ... there is far too much irresponsible adult behaviour ( babysitter getting it on with boyfriend , boyfriend getting drunk and threatening the kids , etc ) - - it is just not necessary to tell this story . i would n't let any relative of mine , under 14 , see this otherwise excellent flick""
 'this has been a great tool in helping my kids understand why they should not eat junk ! highly recommended'
 'all i needed was to upgrade the hard drive on my dell laptop , so i got acronis true image version 9 for half the price of the current version 10. i put the new hard drive ( right off the sealed box ) into a usb caddy that i got on ebay for $6 , plugged it into the usb port , and ran acronis 9. selected the "" clone drive "" wizard , and less than an hour later it was done . no need to cross my fingers.. . the new drive booted right up , and i \'m using it now to write this review . what could be easier'
 ""lou reed rocks ! ! ! dude ! ! but methinks this collection dost not . the tunes are all good , but there are n't very many of them , and the sound is deplorable , in that inimitable rca-first-cd-edition sort of way ( fans of the jefferson airplane and harry nilsson know what i 'm talking about ) . a much better jumping off point would be & quot ; different times : lou reed in the 70's &quot ; , or , even better , check out & quot ; transformer&quot ; or & quot ; rock ' n ' roll animal&quot ;""
 ""the slippers look nice and smell great . they were difficult for me to get on my feet . the lining was too restrictive . once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . it 's unlikely that i will ever use them on my feet . i will only use the inserts for aromatherapy""
 ""the story of nasa 's sucessfull failure ! ! ! this movie is base on jim lovell 's book lost moon , the title coming from the fact that every other astronuat that went to the moon the first time would walk on it the second . lovell is the only man to circe it both times he went there ! what makes this film so realistic is that dave scott ( 7th man out of 12 to walk on the moon ) was technicial advisor on the film . i 've known the story of the flight very well for years before the film was released , and watching the film i 'd say to myself that this is about the time that xxx happened and sure enough a few minutes later it sure did ! look quick at the very end of the movie for the real jim lovell , he 's the navy captian with gray hair shaking t . hanks hand ! see the imax version last . several scenes have been edited out""
 'this is enough of an instrument to show you new things in the sky for years to come . it is sturdy and simple to operate . it has enough light-gathering power ( more important than magnification ) to reveal dim star clusters , nebulae , and galaxies and good enough optics to show you the surface of planets like jupiter , saturn , and mars . some advice on selection . dobsonians like this one come in a range of sizes . a 114mm ( 4 ½ "" ) is a bit on the small side but still a fine instrument , especially if your ability to carry large objects is limited . a 150-200mm ( 6-8 "" ) scope is right in the middle of the recommended range . a 250mm ( 10 "" ) like this one is on the big side , and you should buy one only if you are able-bodied . some advice on use . viewing through a telescope is less like playing a cd and more like playing a guitar . finding objects takes a little bit of practice . the 9x50mm "" crosshair "" finder supplied with this scope is great for fine searching , but i recommend supplementing it with a red-dot finder to aid in initial pointing . you will also need to buy an atlas ( sky & telescope \'s pocket sky atlas is the best available ) , a red flashlight to view the charts without blowing out your badly-needed night vision , and a guidebook to lead you to interesting objects . these investments will greatly add to your enjoyment . what more can i say ? this is the kind of scope that experienced observers have been trying to steer novices towards for decades . although , i recommend that you do your homework before buying any scope- -learn the sky and get to know experienced stargazers who can advise you- -when it comes time to purchase , you could hardly do better than this scope . for more advice , see my encyclopedic guide here on amazon , "" so you want to buy a telescope .'
 ""this is one of those books where you actually feel embarrassment for the author . the book is poorly researched , poorly written and , well , words just fail me . while i am not a great herriot fan , i do have to give him his due - the man could write well and could tell a good story ( is n't that what authors are suppose to do ? ) but this guy graham lord , i suspect , has problems feeding paper into his typewriter ! the intire book is such an obvious ploy to make some money on the shirttail of a & quot ; dead&quot ; and popular author , it is rather nauseating . shame on the publisher for accepting such shoddy work ! i did finish the book though ( thank god i did not purchase the thing ) because each page became worse and worse and i could not stop , thinking with each turn of the page & quot ; well it just cannot be any worse than that last page / chapter . &quot ; how wrong i was ! if you must read the thing , borrow it or check it out of a library . i would hate to see a person waste their money , and i certainly would not want the author and his publisher to be rewarded for a work such as this . herriot 's life , warts and all , could be such a fastinating subject . i do hope someone will turn out a good study of him eventually . we certainly did not get it here""
 ""growing up with classical rock and having enjoyed rock music by rod stewart , i did n't think i 'd like this cd . one evening i was having dinner at a friend 's home and they had this one playing . it was beautiful . being a little older now ( in my early 40 's ) , i enjoy more mellow music than the head banging variety that is heard now . this cd of rod 's was nostalgic , romantic and extremely easy to listen to .""
 ""i 've been a fan of carol dweck 's scholarly work for years . her work on self-esteem , self-concept , and the incremental vs. entity theories of intelligence provides some of the most powerfully useful tools i 've encountered for educators and parents in their work with children , as well as in their own self-awareness and lives . i 'm delighted to see this information written here in such a user-friendly conversational tone , rich with stories that illustrate the nuances and complexities of dweck 's research and ideas . i 'm recommending this book to all of my graduate students ( teachers and principals working with gifted learners ) , as well as to parents of high-ability children . dona matthews , ph.d . , director of the hunter college center for gifted studies and education , city university of new york""
 ""i bought this lamp because it says it doesnt give off any glare and is easy on the eyes for reading , doing crafts , sewing.......... . well it doesnt giove off much light either ! ! ! ! so you need another source of light in your work area also........ . i didnt think it would fill up the room with beautiful natural light but c'mon.........all in all its an overpriced night light ! !""
 ""my all-around favorite lens in the canon eos system is the 50 / 1.4. i find that most of the time , most of the pictures i want to take can be achieved using hte 50mm focal length , and the fast aperture allows me to take photos in low light . i bought the 24-70 / 2.8 in hopes of getting high quality images from a zoom lens , as a lot of my pictures were n't in particularly dark places , and the flexibility to get a little wider or closer sounded appealing . i was not disappointed . the image quality produced by the 24-70 / 2.8 is outstanding . great color , great sharpness . it might not make images quite as striking as canon 's 135 / 2 lens , but they are very good indeed . does this lens replace the 50 / 1.4 ? no way . the 50 is a lot smaller , weighs a lot less , and is still much better for low light shooting . but for photographing events where you do n't want to lug around several prime lenses or go to extreme lenghts to frame the shot better , the 24-70 can be a great tool""
 'this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good .'
 ""if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available .""
 'bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . "" h "" , "" touchdown "" , "" grand piano cannyon "" . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including "" x "" - do n\'t meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on "" tournabout "" - but then the song falls back again to old routine . "" screenplay "" is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n\'t get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please'
 ""i did not think , that the women juliet lewis , plays in this movie was mentally retatrted , i think she just has a disablity.\\ i hate that lable , if someone can walk and talk , and learn . i do n't think so .""
 ""downloaded the new mcafee software . my computer is now slowed over 90% of the speed of a snail - both with aol and internet explorer . mcafee customer service is of no value whatever . mcafee faq describes a very dangerous fix which involves editing the registry file but even those instructions do n't seem to work as described . what a mistake""
 'i am totally satisfied with thids product so far . of course if the batteries run out of charge after a few charges i will be dissatisfied . i expect them to last tens of reusses if experience can be of any guideline'
 'informatively , i have mason \'s dvd \'s , which i quite enjoy . however , this cd , labelled , "" brand new , "" contains many repeats and situations . in fact , at times i was ahead of jackie mason , mouthing word for word the joke and situation he was leading up to me . mason spoke as if he was rushing to meet a deadline , to the extent that much of the cd sounded like gibberish . for most of this cd i sat stone faced and suspected that perhaps the applause and clapping of hands were canned . mason , in my opinion , went overboard in his use of obscenities , loudly and in his asides , seemingly contrived for shock value . as for me , i think that this mislabelled , "" brand new , "" cd was a flop , and i would not care to have it in my collection for fear of the impression i would leave after my demise . so , another item destined for my shredder . finally , i would recommend the mason dvd \'s , which i would have preferred with a slower delivery and less obscenities that add little to his performance . robert lyons reno , nevad'
 'i purchased this camera in december 2005 to replace my 7 year old sony digital 8 camcorder . unfortunately , everything except size is inferior in the panasonic compared to the "" ancient "" sony . the color is not nearly as sharp , the low light capabilities are laughable and the battery lasts half as long . the sound quality was adequate if not watching playback on the camera itself . the camera \'s highest volume setting is too low to use if you want to listen while loading video into your computer \'s editing program . the panasonic does have a relatively convenient manual exposure feature many other minidv camcorders lack . this allows better light control when shooting in auditoriums with spotlights . it uses a toggle to control the exposure and , while it is not as easy as the external thumb wheel on the sony , it is adequate . unfortunately , it functions so poorly in low light it would n\'t provide adequate color in an auditorium . i thought the image stabilization would be a great feature but my video is much shakier with the panasonic than my old sony . maybe it \'s because the camera is so small it \'s hard to keep as stable as the larger sony . video editing on a pc is equally easy on the sony and panasonic but the panasonic \'s poor user manual would make it very difficult for a novice to figure out and your picture quality will be much better with sony \'s digital 8. if you do n\'t have to record in minidv format or have a built in 3 megapixel still camera , i \'d recommend buying an inexpensive sony digital8 for about a third of the price of the gs250. if you do have to have a minidv camera and you wo n\'t be shooting in bright sunlight , try another brand . this upper end 3ccd camcorder will now have a home on a closet shelf where it will stay unless i need a very small camera to chase action in a cross country race or similar event on a sunny day . otherwise , i \'ll use the old sony so i can share the video i shoot without being embarrassed about the picture quality'
 'golijov \'s music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own "" enlightened "" weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks \' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank .'
 ""this adapter is the only one available for the hd1 and while it does a good job of protecting the 1st lense with whichever 49 mm one you attach , there is a problem when you use the flash for pictures of things within 10 feet . there will be a dark semicircle on the bottom of your pictures where the flash was blocked by the adapter . i 've gotten around this by using the adapter with attached lens and lens cap and having that attached to the string on the camera . whenever i need to take a picture with the flash of something up close ( within 10 feet ) i pop off the whole setup and take the picture as if the entire piece was a giant lens cap for the regular camera . hope that helps""
 'after installing this software in to my pc . some functions of my keyboard stopped working . even some multimedia buttons disappeared . after that i had to concatct hp to download drivers again . even after installing the drivers , it did not start working as beore till i uninstalled this third rate software from my pc . after uninstalling every thing got fine . i will not recommand this soft ware to any one'
 ""i purchased the book with the intention of teaching myself all the core material in it . the material offers readers a limited number of examples per chapter per section . while these examples may sometimes make you wish for added detail , ultimately there is enough explanation to pull the reader through . be sure you understand the previous chapter before moving onto the next or you will most likely get lost . in the end i was very satisfied with my order . listen to me...if your at least decent in math you 'll do just fine following this algebra 2 textbook""
 'maybe it \'s because i had never read the book and never heard of hunter s . thompson before this movie , but i found this movie to be unbearably boring and so utterly pointless ! at what point in the movie-making process while reading the script aloud , did they realize that this is n\'t a movie ? or maybe that the book could n\'t be made into a commercial movie ? the "" story "" if it can be called such , is apparently about a journalist and his fat hispanic friend ( called his lawyer ) who go to las vegas to write an article on some motorcycle race of some sort or something . that \'s completely irrelevant , because probably 5-10 minutes is actually spent on that subject , with an additional 20 minutes at most devoted to the guy actually trying to accomplish the task . the rest is just johnny depp as the main character rambling mindlessly about a variety of subjects , most of which deal with drugs , or drug-related things . others having nothing at all to do with anything . they are quite literally taking every drug known to mankind , and the movie chronicles them taking drugs . there are some scenes in which the duo are in their hotel room , where the "" lawyer "" freaks out in a bathtub and threatens to kill himself . in other scenes , they are in the hotel club , or at a restaurant . no matter where they are , they are always high on some drug , and johnny depp \'s character ( thompson himself based on his experience , under a fake name ) is rambling or talking very very quickly and nonsensically . there are cameos by minor celebrities , some of which are world famous today . gary busey is on screen for all of three or four minutes as a highway sheriff who sexually harrasses jd \'s character . tobey maguire is on even less as a hitchhiker who bails out of the car when he realizes the duo are stoned out of their mind and crazy . the only moment in which i had a great laugh was in the beginning , where they are hallucinating that they are being attacked by bats as they drive down a desert highway . when the "" lawyer "" stops to pick up the hitchhiker , jd \'s char says "" we ca n\'t stop here ! this is bat country ! "" . that line and its delivery alone deserve the movie its one miserable star . i expected better from terry gilliam . if this movie was attempting to be shocking or pro - or anti-drug or stylish or artistic in some way , it is obviously only a most acquired taste , like a group of people who think consuming waste is an acquired taste . there is no moral message here , nothing pro - or anti-drug , nothing shocking save that these two are n\'t dead by the third day from taking so many drugs , or stylish or artistic . not the worst movie ever , but definitely one of them . i do n\'t know what orifice people pull this "" great movie "" idea out of , but i \'d like to examine that , and find out why'
 'i did enjoy this book as it was my first introduction to magnet therapy . this is a topic that i intend to explore much further too . it was very helpful and gave good information'
 'this is a quality bag for the price . it is a little small and tight for the nikon coolpix 8700'
 ""they say all the major characters come back in ` stitch the movie , ' quickly made direct-to-video sequel to the hugely popular ` lilo and stitch . ' for me , the original film 's most appealing part is , and will be , lilo and stitch , one of the most delightful characters disney created in the last decade . do we still need pleakley when we have stitch ? how about cobra ? or some alien whose name you have forgotten ? do we need them ? no , i do n't think so . but ` stitch the movie ' crammed all these characters into this small film of which running time barely exceeds one hour , together with a weak story that repeats exactly what the original was doing . the original 's idea of ` ohana ' or ` family ' is changed to ` cousin ' this time , but for most of the viewers this is literally a twice-told story , no longer attractive enough . what makes us feel short-changed is , however , the lack of music and scenery , the impressive parts of ` lilo and stitch . ' instead of elvis songs , they have thrown in parodies or homage to other films and tvs like monty python and ed wood , completely missing the target audiences who would buy this dvd to experience the joyful sound and rhythm of this great singer . moreover , the charming , water-color hawaiian scenery is reduced to the generic , unimaginative backdrop which is barely ok even by the lower standard of the disney 's cheap sequels . the only saving grace is the presence of the actors who provided the voices to the characters . except that , and the funny but brief scenes about the lovely pair lilo and stitch , ` stitch the movie ' looks like a pilot film for the original . or perhaps it is .""
 'after a quick internet search i found many reviews on amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local barnes & noble that same night . dr. whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions ! in my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors . we have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers . however , if at home you are on dr. whitley \'s 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front . although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of "" mr. rogers "" in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents . of course , that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he / she is capable of "" frightening "" resistance . obviously , professional help with someone in-tuned with dr. whitley \'s methods would be more advisable than his book ! to me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders . these kids still have some moldability and are n\'t as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem ( i.e. depression ) . for the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author ; 0 )'
 'its a pretty good mix , good song choices , its mostly a harder mix , thought it could be smoother flowing though , but all in all its pretty good , also thought the robot walk to the party deal woulda made a better begining , it was a lot of down time during the middle of the cd , but hey people gotta switch it up now and then , like the last 3 / 4s better.. .'
 'inspirational , insightful , funny . answers the age old question , "" but i \'m just one person ; can i really make a difference ? ""'
 'why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .'
 'how can you rate something that has n\'t been released ? especially since lionsgate ruined season 5 by releasing the shortened syndicated versions while still writing on the box "" the complete 5th season "" . debbie harry is credited on the box while her scene was omitted . this along with many others.. . they completely ruined the boxed set by issuing shortened , crappy syndicated episodes . this is coming from a huge w&g fan , or should i say k&j fan'
 ""molly , daughter or richard - i usually write positive reviews on this site but not this time . why on earth do dermatologists recommend this s*** ? last year my hormones were all out of wack and i had a period for a whole month . i broke out severely as one would expect . dermatologists ( including mine ) swear by this aweful chetaphil . i hate it ! it wasnt strong enough for my skin . it made my acne even worse if you can imagine ! i 'd been using it for four months when i finally decided enough was enough and i started using neutrogena frangrance free facial cleanser . that change made all the difference in the world ! i still do have acne but now it is mild acne instead of severe acne . now its mostly just old , light scarring and the occasional breakouts around my chin and lips the week before my period . one of my friends is a dietition and she also has used cetaphil and didnt like it at all . please do not buy cetaphil even if your dermatologist recommends it . you will totally regret it""
 'i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program .'
 'this cd is a must for any horn player or lover of the instrument ! cerminaro has tremendous technique and extremely sensitive mucicality . en'
 'i bought finale songwriter to make lead sheets with chord symbols . it worked well for my project . i have no complaints .'
 'i bought this as i \'m beginning to study judaism in my spiritual journey . the book is very well translated and includes recommendations for readings on holidays . there are also pictures throughout the book from various times and locations . i \'m also very pleased with this since it \'s in a paragraph format ( as someone who \'s only read the "" hebrew bible "" as part of the old testament i like the ease of reading with the paragraph format ) . highly recommende'
 'myths are important , but they should not be labeled history . 1. george washington was not a great guerilla leader ; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines- -just like the redcoats . washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops . 2. ronald reagan did not begin the nuclear "" disarming "" of the soviet union . eisenhower and kennedy tried , but ( lbj ? ) nixon and carter were able to bring the abm treaty , the salt treaties and he start treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals . reagan did have success with theater wrapons in europe , but the "" big nukes "" that could end civilization were already being cut back . this is an interesting book about reagan and peggy noonan , but some of the history cited is wrong'
 ""i bought this as a trial product , because the other stuff that i bought did n't work as what they advertise it . but this dusters picks up the dust instead of pushing to another place . this refills is quite cheap and it make my cleaning job much easier""
 'i had used some third party batteries with 15 minute charger , that used to die for 10 photoes or so . this canon one seems to realllly laaast looong.. .'
 'after using this product for mac for over 10 years . i \'m done . the price keeps going up , the "" tax-help "" within in the program keeps diminishing and the customer service is almost non-existent . the server meltdown this year was the last straw . their servers were n\'t too busy to let me pay to efile . but , apparently they were "" surprised "" by the number of people that they allowed to pay for their service . baloney . i \'ll use a pencil and paper next year before i give intuit another $100.'
 'murky : in his book , 1984 , orwell described a contrived language he called "" newspeak "" , designed to render politically incorrect ideas inexpressible . but before orwell there were russell and whitehead , who contrived a symbolic logic that distorts ideas they deemed philosophically incorrect by combining logical quantification with expression of existence . as whitehead wrote in his "" foreword "" to quine \'s ph.d . dissertation titled a system of logic : logic shapes metaphysical thought . thus in his "" on universals "" quine argued that in the russellian logic realism must be expressed by quantifying over predicates so they reference universals as "" entities "" . and he co-authored with goodman "" steps toward a constructive nominalism "" , a nominalist manifesto , in which all philosophers are classified as either nominalists or "" platonists "" depending on whether or not predicates are quantified so they reference entities . i believe that anyone who says that universals are "" referenced "" or who uses the phrase "" abstract entities "" fully deserves to be labeled a platonist . but loux uses the rhetoric from the russellian nominalist newspeak . in the "" search inside this book "" screens at this amazon web site the reader will find him reporting ( p . 20 ) that realists say universals are shared "" entities "" and are "" referents "" of predicates . i ask loux : what happened to signification ? the symbolic logician alonzo church recognized sense ( i.e. signification ) as well as denotation ( i.e. reference ) in the functional ( i.e. predicate ) calculus . i ask loux : what happened to supposition , which distinguishes reference from signification ? in his book titled meaning and necessity rudolf carnap explicitly affirms that intensions ( i.e. significations ) may be said to be objective without invoking any hypostatization ( i.e. reference ) , and are indifferent to either concrete or abstract objects . i ask loux : since the demise of logical positivism does the russellian predicate calculus have any applications in philosophy or anywhere else ? is loux trying to appear contemporary with the russellian rhetoric ? i see murky writing . muddled : loux is sympathetic to aristotle and unsympathetic to quine , the pragmatic realist , who rejects first philosophies with their prejudicial ontological criteria for scientific criticism , and who affirms ontological relativity in which ontological commitment is subordinated to empirical testing . ontological relativity started as an analogy : quine relativized ontology as einstein relativized time . einstein posited relativistic time as real time instead of newton \'s absolute time , and he rejected lorentz \'s making relativistic time apparent time . likewise heisenberg invoked this einstein precedent for his own realistic copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory \'s positing of duality and indeterminacy . today physicists describe reality in terms of superposition , nonlocality and calabi-yau spaces in eleven dimensions . quine generalized beyond physics to our global web of beliefs . realism is a natural , primordial , irrepressible prejudice motivated by disappointments in our beliefs including falsifications of our scientific theories . on the other hand ontology is anything but natural or primordial . it is an elaborately complex linguistic artifact that evolves and that has a cultural history . it is reality as cognitively captured by the artifactual semantics of language expressing our accepted general beliefs including our tested and currently nonfalsified scientific theories . but in notre dame journal of formal logic and in this book loux rejects ontological relativity , and he calls philosophies using ontological relativity "" anti-realism "" . in fact ontological relativity and relativized semantics do not oppose realism , but rather they enable it in this age of scientific change . i do not find this book contemporary . loux \'s "" realism - anti-realism "" locution is a false dichotomy . i see muddled thinking . marginalized : while a student i found notre dame \'s philosophy faculty unsympathetic to contemporary pragmatism and its scientific realism . when i left their graduate school of philosophy i took with me the opinion that their academic culture is a marginalized backwater preferring to protect the past rather than forge the future with new thinking . i see in this book a textbook in notre dame metaphysics for notre dame philosophy students . readers who are cognizant of the influence of modern science on philosophy - notably how quantum theory occasioned the emergence and ascendancy of contemporary pragmatism - are likely to be more critical of this book than other reviewers at this amazon site . thomas j . hicke'
 ""this album is the shyit , cougnut and c-fresh deliver , the only problem you might have with this album is figuring out which one is cougnut and which one is c-fresh , but as you listen you will tell differences . & quot ; back in the days&quot ; is real old album , so audio can be bad for a couple of the tracks but there isnt a weak track on this album . the beats do n't get too bass heavy untill & quot ; hillary&quot ; after that song the next 4 tracks or so are very bass heavy , but the flows are tops . these guys are the definition of gangsta , and is a must for anybody who likes gangsta rap . all guests are sick to , dre dog , cellski , chewy , r.b.l , 2.2 and mack and al kapone . definetly a classic""
 ""i wo n't go into a long diatribe . suffice it to say that when i listened to this upon its release earlier this year , i was disappointed . i gave it a few more close listens and find that the musical quality is not great . this is more a photo of dylan as a free-spirit . there 's a point where baez messes up a song . ( i do n't have anything against baez . that being said , i do n't have much for her either . ) there 's joking and laughing , but really , i do n't need a double-disk of acoustic material that seems to be performed by someone who sounds like he 'd rather be in the audience than performing . you can almost sense why dylan went electric in this concert . the bootlegs prior to this are superior and i would suggest that if you are n't a die-hard dylan fan to stick with them . if you really like dylan 's acoustic work and not his electric stuff , you should be pleased with this double-disc . i love dylan , but not enough to enjoy this over and over again . i 'll go to disk one of the 4th bootleg for my acoustic fix""
 ""amazon should send all of these 25th anniversary dvd 's back to uni , the faulty product locks up after about 1 1 / 2 hours on both my panasonic and sony dvd decks ! i see this problem also exists in the wide screen version from the reviews of that product . simply put - do n't buy this lousy universal product ! ! !""
 'kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album'
 ""i remember really liking this album when it was first released , even though i could tell it was not in the same league as the real thing or angel dust . listening to the album now , i realise it is by far the worst fnm album since mike patton joined . the whole album feels very rushed , it has a sparse , raw sound , very different to angel dust 's polish . the music is generally very simple with many tracks sounding like b-sides and lacks the consistent melodiousness and sense of rhythm of their previous two classic albums . it was a shame to see guitarist jim martin depart . he had an unmistakable style and crunching guitar sound and was an integral part of fnm 's style and make up . however , being replaced ( for a short time anyway ) by trey spruance is no bad thing - anyone familiar with his work with mr bungle will know he is a genius with a guitar and his work here on king for a day is excellent , it 's just a shame that the material he has to work with is largely uninspired . how ironic then that on such a disappointing album , fnm produce one of their greatest ever tracks - the title track is pure genius , full of the care and effort , rhythm and melodiousness fnm were famous for . beginning with a great bass riff and acoustic strum , it is soon joined by a gentle female voice effect and simple minor piano scale and then brilliantly builds into a tour de force of percussion and guitar work before cleverly returning to the gentle acoustic sounds of the intro where it carefully takes 2 and a half minutes to wind down beautifully - this is fnm as you 'd expect them . another track that deserves special mention is cuckoo or caca , a great metal piece with excellent percussion and keyboards and crazy vocals . it 's scorching and funy and another reminder of the greatness fnm once held in abundance . it 's just a shame that these moments of inspiration are surrounded by so much surprising blandness ( caralho voador , take this bottle , the last to know ) and 2nd rate metal ( ugly in the morning , what a day , get out ) . star a.d. could have been vintage fnm but in the end falls flat , evidence starts off interestingly enough but soon gets boring and metal tracks like ricochet , the gentle art of making enemies and digging the grave are simple and sound like what most student bands are writing . however , the album does end on another note of vintage fnm - just a man is funny and catchy with patton having fun doing his tom jones impression and the inclusion of a gospel choir at the end is inspired - you find yourself not wanting it to end . patton 's vocals throughout the album are still amazing but should be accompanying much better material and you ca n't help but feel he was a little bored here - i think his heart always really lay with the far superior mr bungle , where he really shone and where his voice was absolutely perfect for the complex and avant garde material . i suppose it 's not surprising that king for a day is a largely empty affair , the departure of jim martin and the diminished presence of roddy bottum at rehearsals meant that fnm 's original chemistry and resources were sadly lacking and so were unable to achieve what they once had been able to . it 's really an album for faith no more fans , it 's certainly no classic despite some classic material and i feel it was the beginning of the end for fnm , they would improve with their next album , album of the year - but only marginally .""
 'by the title i would be led to believe that there is more than one george story . there is one george and a few others , one of which scares my 2 1 / 2 year old . i thought the stories would be animated . however , some ( including george ) are pictures from a story book . we love to read books , but videos should be more than photos of a story book . would not recommend this'
 'i had several friends insist that i rent this film . i \'m glad i did instead of buying it . i was not bowled over as they obviously were - quoting lines from it and all but wetting themselves remembering scenes from the film . now , i \'m not a hard guy to make laugh , but there was only one point in this film where i actually laughed out loud . other than that , i found sordid lives to be just tediously amateurish and more than a bit forced . i love southern humor and even poking fun at southerners : i ca n\'t tell you how much i love greater tuna , fried green tomatos , steel magnolias , etc. but this just did n\'t cut it for me . the cast is a who \'s who of excellent character actors : beau bridges , bonnie bedelia , leslie jordan , olivia newton-john ( for pete \'s sake ! ) , erik krieger , delta burke and gobs of others . no , it \'s not a shortage of talent that this film lacks . i found that it was a lack of a cohesive direction that made me wince more than once . there \'s a scene with ty ( an out of the closet to everyone but his parents young man who lives in west hollywood ) talking to his ex-girlfriend in the reception area of their therapist...well , as a theatre director , i can only tell you that the performances during this one scene are so painfully badly acted and the pregnant pauses between the lines are so large you could drive fleets of trucks through them . there are various filming techniques that del shores ( the director ) uses that are just hackneyed : filming from behind a person \'s back so that only the back of one person \'s head and the facing person are seen . why ? it feels like a testimonial "" video "" from mtv \'s real world rather than an actual film . frankly - and this is not always a bad thing - the whole film felt like it was a play converted to film . it can be a great thing ! look at altmans \' come back to the five and dime jimmy dean and you \'ll see how a good stage to film movie is done . but this...well , it \'s just amateur hour from my perspective . in all , the film felt like a poor man \'s greater tuna ( two quick change artists playing 16 characters living in texas \' 3rd smallest town ) , which was a stage play and was filmed for hbo as a stage play rather than attempting to make it feel like a film . i wanted to like this film , but i just did n\'t'
 'if this had been the first album in the "" hip-hop hits "" series , it would not be a promising start . there are a few decent tunes on here , but as someone who admired the quality of the earlier source albums , i must express an intense dislike for "" hip hop hits vol.8 "" . there used to be a time when the source gathered the biggest and best tracks from the rap indusrty for their compilations , now benzino has turned the series into a shameless promotion for his own favorites ( how else do you explain ja rule being here ? ) . here is a song-by-song analysis of this disaster : ( 1 ) youngbloodz feat . lil jon "" damn "" c- . this song is perfect example of why people are getting bored with "" sothern crunk "" . it \'s lame and boring , as it shows lil jon becoming a one-trick pony . not a good song to open an album with . ( 2 ) wyclef "" the industry "" b . wyclef is very talented , but this song was never a hit . it should be heard for its quality though , even if it only touchs topics breifly . it is clear that wyclef is above most of his peers in everyway ; sorta like 2pac . ( 3 ) chingy "" right thurr "" b+. not my favorite rap song , its better than average though , it kinda grows on you . he reminds me of juvenile . it \'s content is not original , but chingy makes it his own with a relaxed flow and style . ( 4 ) young gunz "" ca n\'t stop , wo n\'t stop "" c . if this standard work is what roca-a-fella has in it \'s post-jay-z future , the label is going to be in real trouble . they \'re good , but they have to be better than good to stand on their own . ( 5 ) westside connection feat . nate dogg "" gangsta nation "" b+. it was nice to see westside together again . the style and talent cover up for the somewhat standard material . at the bare minimum , the song is stylistic and very enjoyable . ( 6 ) ja-rule "" clap back "" d . this anti-eminem dis is just border line pathetic and lame . any eminem song is a bigger hit and better than ja rule \'s weak new stuff . if ja rule wants to return to his position "" pain is love "" brought him to , he must work much harder . ( 7 ) kanye west "" through the wire "" c . kanye west has enjoyed chart success through alot of hype , but i find this song to be very pedestrian for rap . the lyrics do n\'t define kanye as an original rapper , and the use chaka kahn \'s "" through the fire "" does n\'t make a very appealing beat . ( 8 ) gang starr "" skills "" c . the group is n\'t that good to begin with , and this song has none of the fun that "" militia "" had . gang starr has a decent , hardcore sound that needs to be refined in order to define themselves . ( 9 ) j-kwon "" tipsy "" b- .this song is fun to listen to , but that still does not make it any better than average . it \'s not really about anything and gets kinda tiresome towards the end ; you may be looking at your watch . he \'s too overpraised . ( 10 ) e-40 feat . clipse "" quarterbackin "" c+. the track is enjoyable but was never that popular and is pretty forgetable . e-40 and clipse just are n\'t that talented . it almost feels as if it was made strictly for the "" madden football "" video games "" . ( 11 ) fabolous feat . tamia "" into you "" a . just great , hip hop with style and substance . it \'s so nice to hear a gentler , more positive hip-hop songs ; one that does n\'t hammer the listener , but brings out emotions lightly . he is one of the best rappers of 2003 ; with both his album and it \'s singles . ( 12 ) t.i. "" be easy "" c- . he has been compared to jay-z and nelly ; despite the difference that he lacks the talent those artists have . plain , boring , generic rap from an artist who ofers nothing new to the game ; no more needs to be said . one must also wonder why this was chosen over his bigger ( not exactly better though ) hits "" rubber band man "" and "" let \'s get away "" . ( 13 ) cassidy feat . r . kelly "" hotel "" b- . a sorta fun track , r . kelly does as much as possible , but he even he ca n\'t make cassidy sound original . to be honest , this was a huge top 10 hit though ; so it kinda does belong here . ( 14 ) ying yang twins feat . lil \' jon & the east side boyz "" salt shaker "" b+. surprisingly , the beat and production make this song rather entertaining . it \'s much more fun than it has the right to be ; given the non-spectacular artists involved . ( 15 ) scarface "" recognize "" c- . scarface used to be an exceptional rapper , but now he \'s trying to regain glory that is no longer his . why listen to this , when you could just buy his older albums ? ( 16 ) the untouchables featuring benzino "" relationship with me & my gun "" c- .just a standard benzino track tacked on for shameless self-promotion . i would n\'t mind so much if the songt had actually been worth listening to . atleast "" bang ta dis "" on "" vol.5 "" was a good song . bottom line : *1 / 2. benzino has ruined the once great source series in the blink of an eye . if you want to hear a great source album , buy "" hip hop hits vol.4 "" ; a source album with the biggest and best raps of 2000. a few good tracks are not enough to balance out all the mediocre ones . to put it in short terms : with so many good compilations out there , why spend money on a bad one ? i would not buy this album with a gift card .'
 ""i bought this item last month from amazon.com for $149. i thought it is using some kind of hand-like massage motors , and not those vibration motors . when the item arrived and i setup , i found out they are using the vibration motors ! a little disappointed i am . but i use it , it is not bad if you do n't mind the vibration motors . the heat feature is great . however , the knod that is supposed to hold the sitting position is n't holding well . the leather-like material really feels like a lether . the vibration really vibrates the whole floor , so i suggest to put on carpetted areas only . i personally like the hand-like massage chair better . but this $149 chair is worth the price . others would sell for over $300""
 ""do n't expect a comedy in the vein of trinity or they call me trinity . if you do , you are in for a fall . both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining . this one has no such pretensions . it is merely boring . the story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town 's folk out of their claims . they do this through intimidation and violence . when a couple of friends get hold of a claim , they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys . to do this , they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction . they yell , they fight , they wrestle , they shoot and then they do it some more . its not very exciting cinema . this production is made worse by the dvd . i suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair . the dvd , however , is of such low quality that who could really tell ? the edges are clipped off , the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it . it was not worth the effort . spaghetti westerns can be fun . this one , however , needs the pepto bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn .""
 'notice , you need at least 2gb ram not 1gb and vista it is for you !'
 'this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king'
 'it could happen to you was a bit of a disappointment , considering the makeup of the cast : nicolas cage , bridget fonda , and rosie perez among others . the movie brings to the screen the story of a policeman who after winning 4 million dollars on the ny state lotto , decides to share half of it with a waitress he met the previous day . the acting is surprisingly ( ! ) below average , the dialogues are way below average , while the plot is not bad at all . nicolas cage \'s character is too naive and too slow , and that was just sad / pitiful ! bridget fonda was unexpectedly plain and bland . rosie perez \'s character was overly exaggerated to the point that it got tiring and annoying very early on . as for wendell pierce and stanley tucci this film does not seem to be their thing ; they do n\'t seem to belong . subsequently , they are not convincing in their roles at all . finally , somebody shoot the "" narrator , "" please ! though the potential for a great movie was definitely there it fails to take off . a shame really.. . no masterpiece here . if nicolas cage is what you had in mind , check out the amazing movies city of angels and / or the family man .'
 ""' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre '""
 ""it has been a couple years since i 've seen this , and i can still honestly say that it 's like watching a andy warhol movie of salvor dail puking . a kind of swirly colorful mess , with brendan fraser and bridget fonda stuck in the ooze of ick , and ca n't escape it 's yuck of a screenplay...on a positive note , jim carrey is n't in it . other then that , nothing can redeem henry selick , kaja blackley , and sam hamm for this putrid monstrosity , and i mean that from the bottm of my heart""
 'this hair dryer was purchased as a christmas gift to replace one we have had for several years . i could not locate one locally so i order from amazon . the dryer only worked for a few days . nothing i do will make it work again . the reason i have not retured it is because the postage cost would be so much .'
 'hot hot heat is one of the few new bands to pique my interest . their first release was decent , but "" elevator "" is even better . great tunes , drums and guitars - and , of course , steve bays \' yelping vocals . there \'s only three songs i really do n\'t care for - "" pickin \' it up "" , "" soldier in a box "" and "" shame on you "" . looking forward to the next cd'
 'i bought this to use with family photos and threw together my first 5 page comic last night . it was fairly easy to use , but not perfect . instructions are thin ( read \' mostly nonexistant \' ) ; so it is best that you either have time on your hand or a lot of experience using complex photo software . good : simple once you get the hang of it . plenty of fixed comic book panel formats to chose from and the drag-and-drop photo application makes life very easy . as long as you are ok with the formats provided , then putting family photos into a fun comic book format is incredibly easy . i received rave reviews from my first \' comic \' and the finished product was of exceptional quality . the sofware has a nice assortment of boxes , call-outs and even some fun clip art . this was a great buy for the price . not as good : the learning curve can be steep due to the quirky layout of controls . i guess this is not too bad of an issue since there are few controls provided with the software . the "" dude "" who wrote instructions was flippant at best ( really annoying if you want to find a basic answer ) and definitely not paid to produce a quality product . downloading photos was tough until i found out the trick - after that , it is quite easy . bad : no photo editing software included . simple things like rotating photos 90 degrees had to be done prior to loading into comic book creator . the instructions and "" comic book wizard "" are close to useless . did i mention the controls ? they are basic ( good and bad ) and poorly laid out ( bad ) . there is no ability to truly customize panel layouts ; so this software will not help out if you want something really creative . ( diagonals , overlays and more . ) all-in-all , this was an excellent buy for a software package under $20. i created a great storyboard format of some fun memories - bringing a great laugh ( and a few "" wows "" ) to my family , grandparents and friends . just be aware that there is a learning curve to get over before you hit the fun stuff . if the software was more expensive , then i would have given it 3 stars'
 ""while some of larabars have a thick grainy-nut texture , this particular product is very smooth and almost tastes like chocolate candy . for those of us who ca n't eat real candy because of allergies , this one is a winner ! it almost tastes like a soft girl scout thin mint cookie""
 'i \'ve seen and heard sheryl live when she \'s not surrounded by rock and roll dinosaurs . she \'s great - she \'s hip , self-assured and kicks butt ! but here , she tells the audience in "" leaving las vegas "" : "" i \'m playing central park tonight.. . but i have some friends coming up so can you be patient...please ? for lil \' ol \' me ? be very patient... . "" almost begging the audience not to walk out while she \'s singing solo . it \'s almost as if she knows that the audience will have to suffer her solo attempts until the "" friends "" arrive . the irony is that sheryl solo is the best part of the album . with the others on board , we ca n\'t see what sheryl can do , and those familiar with her know that sheryl is capable of a lot . she \'s overwhelmed by keith richard , stevie nicks , eric clapton , chrissie hynde and by including so many rock gods she herself is diminished in importance and stature . her songs "" it do n\'t hurt "" and "" there goes the neighborhood "" stand out on the album showing that sheryl can rock harder and better than any of her "" friends . "" too bad she did n\'t include "" am i getting through "" - - the part 2 of that was a great rock moment . natalie maines \' grating voice ( like fingernails on a chalkboard ) completely ruin "" strong enough . "" chrissie sounds like a zombie on "" if it makes you happy "" , sarah mclaughlin is so hopelessly unhip and white-bread in her lilith-fair mode that she adds nothing to "" a difficult kind "" ...in fact , by the end of the song sarah seems to disappear from the song as sheryl belts it to the end . that \'s sheryl \'s song and should remain so , tombstone blues stands out for its guitar work and the best part of "" all i wanna do "" is the new york audience . happy , white room and gold dust woman are three classic rock standards , so overplayed that anyone who grew up to 70 \'s fm aor radio has heard them ad nauseaum . problem here is that nothing new is added to them , they sound like karaoke versions . despite sheryl \'s plea for patience , i was bored with the old-timers.they did n\'t bring sheryl \'s career forward , only backwards'
 ""she is not a singer , she is not able to write , play and read the scores / music . she is an entertainer ! the problem is : you ca n't stop the stupid kids for buying the celebrate pop crappy albums today . who still recognize this maid in the next 10 years ? it is the same case like britney spears and spice girls ! ps : pls throw away the cd from your window or burn it to the hot ash volcanos ! ! ! thank god for america 's future pop artists like this one !""
 'very compact with good instructions . comes with a very durable case and handle which makes it easily portable . i hope i never have to use it'
 'i , like many others , have been waiting for this album for quite some time . right from the first track , i was hooked . "" all my days "" is a haunting , melodic , heartbreaking opening to a fantastic album . "" breathe "" has a subdued yet powerful message . "" home "" is just plain fun . "" song for you "" is sweet , somber , and hopeful . however , i must say that the four songs version of "" orange sky "" is what i consider to be the greatest song ever written . however , the time without consequence version is devastatingly bad ( when held up to the light of the original ) . the new version is too fast , has an inexplicably irritating percussion , and just does n\'t dig into the soul the way the four songs version does . i will always be baffled by this remake . it is truly awful . its only saving grace is that the original is still available . but that is by no means any reason to avoid this cd . in fact , those who do not know the original "" orange sky "" may fall in love with this one . but it is my duty to warn those looking for an "" orange sky "" that matches the original that you will be severely disappointed . outside of this single-song complaint , this cd has vaulted to one of the best i own'
 ""save yourself time and buy any book by greg lemond ( greg lemond 's complete book of bicycling ) or john howard ( john howard 's the cyclist 's companion ) - - they are both far better writers , well-rounded bicyclists , and honorable family men - - good role models for all true cycling athletes , young and old alike . lance armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book , but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion . lance armstrong would sell his own grandmother 's last pair of socks in order to succeed - - leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the tour de france . he sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn . better to settle down with greg lemond 's wonderful book for real depth , excitement , and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well""
 'unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album & quot ; symphony or damn&quot ; and the superb follow up & quot ; vibrator&quot ; . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album'
 'the software was installed on three computers and slowed two down so much i had to remove it on 2 and have not put it back on it worked fine on one of the thre'
 'i got it on sale for $88.00 thinking it would be a great bargain at that price . i feel i was ripped off . the video quality is ghastly when given enough light , and absolutely unusable without . the same goes for the pictures . even at highest quality - and a lot of image enhancements , the results are mediocre . the audio portion of the video had a very noticeable hum , which i was able to remove with my audio editing software . otherwise , the audio recording and playback were "" acceptable , "" at best . this device is useful only as an audio recorder / mp3 player , and is not really a bargain'
 ""i finally received this product in the mail after knowing about it for a year . i ca n't say i 'm a huge fan of deepak chopra . he presents some good ideas , but from what i can tell he seems to consider meditation to be more of a mechanism for mind and body control , leading to bliss and relaxation , rather than a tool for unbiased self knowledge , to come to terms with all the things that one rather might ignore . i find this bias is reflected in the game . as a game in itself , it is pretty good - its graphics and its originality - and learning to relax and chill out may be useful for some people . i did n't find the process as compelling as i expected , though . i found i was able to learn some of the skills pretty fast , and other places i seemed to get stuck . one potential drawback is that if you get frustrated , and try to start forcing things to happen , it can defeat the purpose of meditation . the science of biofeedback is fairly new , and i can see its potential in the field of preventative health . i just would n't put the same new age spin on things as chopra does .""
 ""i just sold this back through amazon , i was so disapointed with it . it 's an all cover record , and while greg duhli does add an interesting twist to the covers , all of the music feels too subdued , too flat . duhli is lacking the usual passion he brought to the whigs and the first twilight singers recording .""
 ""outside of ' curious ' sung by tina cousins , this album is a dud - - at least by ' believe ' standards . most songs sound similar with the same beat . the album wo n't make your ears bleed , but the band should have quit calling itself ' 4 strings ' after the departure of vanessa . it is a very different band now , and should not tease ' believe ' fans into thinking another 4 strings album of simliar quality and vocals is being released . i would buy ' curious ' if it can be purchased separately , but would skip buying this album . if a future reviewer knows where vanessa ended up , please let me know . the mixers of the group are talented , but vanessa was the real star""
 'i wish i could give this book four and a half stars instead of four ; i ca n\'t quite justify five stars in my mind . two of the stories were definitely good : the first , "" masked riders "" by parhelion , and the third , "" ricochet "" by ba tortuga . i enjoyed both , but was not particularly snowed by the intensity of the conflict / plot line or the main characters and their relationships . not so the second story : "" hung up "" by cat kane was a powerful , intense and moving story about two delightful yet flawed characters who had secrets that tore their relationship up until they were able to work their ways ( separately ) around the issues . that story deserved a five stars plus rating and i wish kane would turn it into a full length novel and develop the characters and their backgrounds more . this book is an excellent read both for the plot line and the erotic substance . enjoy'
 ""i added these batteries to an order of a few other things , and did n't realize that they were going to ship this separately from circuit city . make sure if you pick this , that you are getting something else from cc , or else you will end up like me . with a huge box ( you could fit 4 tom clancey novels in the box ) shipped to you with a pack of batteries and end up paying more for shipping then you spend on the batteries""
 'this was an easily understandable view of the complex structure of the universes held by modern physics . it is found facinating by the common man .'
 'very classy scent . very strong . spray sparingly , a little goes a long way . lasts all day . will receive many compliments'
 'the ordering , speed of delivery were great , but there was one huge problem which ruined all the good points . the wrong movie was delivered . i ordered honeymoon in vegas and received leaving las vegas . and it was too late to return the movie and receive the replacement in time for christmas . so that was bad'
 'i was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality . blamires had c.s. lewis as a tutor , and i \'ve read some of lewis \'s writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special ( many people do find his works special of course ) . blamires , on the other hand , i find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful . i \'m surprised this is n\'t a very popular book , as it ought to be . i have only two complaints , both of which are purely stylistic . first , the edition i have looks like it \'s a copy of an earlier edition , which makes the text hard to read ( i got used to it after a while though ) . some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it . my second criticism is something that ca n\'t be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties , so a lot of the examples are dated ( i.e. references to wwii , which was still in memory , also out-of-date terms like "" jive "" , etc. ) . however , just a few of the examples are affected by this . the book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work , since so much blamires \'s criticism of the christian mind ( or lack thereof ) still ( sadly ) applies . however , the christian mind today is being rediscovered , and the march of atheism is on the decline , with the march of religion in general on the rise . even though things are looking up , christians should keep blamires \'s book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this ( secular ) world , for our real home is beyond bodily death . that we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book . superb book , and i really recommend this to anyone . this is definitely recommended for christians , and also for any non-christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems christians have today'
 ""i loved the x-men cartoon in the 90s and fox , and always liked reading the graphic novels in barnes and noble and the like . however , i just never had the time or money to get into it like i wanted . this collection is a great way for us beginnings to understand the depth of the mythology and see the transformation of the series over the years . reading the first 60 issues was a trip - - seeing how the characters were developed , both the art and their literary personality . if you 're interested in the x-men , whether from the new movies or just from being a kid at heart - - for 40 bucks you can know it all . ( almost )""
 'while this certainly is n\'t the best pearl jam concert ever it is n\'t the worst either . the first disc starts a little slow..but you ca n\'t argue with getting to hear song \'s like "" in my tree "" and "" faithfull "" . highlights are : love boat captain...a nice opener . one of the best of riot act song \'s for sure . in my tree , one of , if not my favorite pj songs . not quite as rocking as the 2000 tour performances but still great . gimme some truth . maybe not a technically perfect perfomance but heartfelt and passionate . good john lennon cover . even flow . always great . spin the black circle...the band starts to get more into the show after this rocking performance . thumbing my way...just a great slow song . breath . in my opinion the best performance of the show...just great . crown of thorns . i really like this version of the song...played well whether you think ed should sing it or not . baba o\'reilly . the classic "" who "" song . a great performance . just try to sit still during this one . i would reccomend this dvd to anyone that is a pearl jam fan already but if you \'re not then i would start with some of their studio albums first .'
 'we recently bought the same model dispenser , but in the satin finish . from the first , only two of the three chambers were usable because the pumps did n\'t work ( yes , we followed the instructions carefully ) . two months later , another pump has given out so only one chamber is usable . instead of this loser , try "" the dispenser 71450 classic iv . "" we had one of these for years with never a problem and replaced it only because it was beginning to show its age . it \'s harder to fill than the aviva and not as pretty , but so what - - it works , and the aviva doesn\'t .'
 ""for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art""
 'this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n\'t read "" caught stealing "" and "" six bad things "" , head to borders now so you can read them before "" a dangerous man "" . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its \' finest'
 'etta never fails to deliver in the vocals . gutteral bombast , sweet soul , gospel , blues , the lady is a living legend . but this album , like the last album "" produced "" by her son , is a nightmare . chessy arrangments , tinkly bass , poor sound all around . she is a fierce mother and i \'m sure she thinks her kids know best , but there is a reason why labels pair vocalists with the right producer . should etta get the chance to work with a fresh ear at the deck , she would n\'t need the novelty of some of the song choices . ps - 200lbs lighter and she remains the best live performer ; blues , r / b , soul , whatever , in the world .'
 'great enginering , design and craftmanship ; works great every day ; but i had to throw away a travel size "" waterpick "" after 18 months , because it is impossible to obtain a replacement hose assembly from the manufacturer or anywhere else . it does n\'t make any sense to supply an irreplaceable disposable part , on an equipment designed to outlast it three times'
 ""this sw is fantastic . having the on-line access made this product perfect , without ionline access this product would only be a storage device for family history that you already know . i was able to get info on my family back to the 1800 's in a matter of days since other relatives did all the research ( relatives i do n't even know ) .""
 ""i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. .""
 'wow ! ! ! i bought this set a couple of months ago and i \'ve been watching each episode little by little , and enjoying each one of them a lot ! ! ! it \'s interesting to watch captain scarlet again , thirty-something years after the last time i watched it back in the late 60s ( when i was 7 or 8 years old ) ! i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of the "" thunderbirds "" and became quite delighted when this new series from gerry anderson first appeared on tv back in the 60s ! the quality of captain scarlet \'s special effects obviously got better since the thunderbirds , and it really makes a huge difference ( as far as realism is concerned ) to have the marionettes more realistically proportioned ! so much so , that there are times when you can almost forget that they are marionettes ! the production still looks fabulous after all these years ! the design of vehicles , machines , personal equipment , weapons , buildings , etc. is quite enjoyable , interesting and sometimes even surprising ! the "" angels "" ( both airplanes and pilots ) still manage to look amazingly sharp and contemporary ! ! ! perhaps only the automobiles give you a hint of the series real age , for they look quite dated indeed ! however , now it seems a bit funny to see 1965 chrysler and ford lookalikes among the futuristic modernism of the series ! thirty-something years later , most of the episodes plots seem a bit shallow , almost stupid ! but one has to remember that this series was meant for children ! so , once you remember this you \'ll be ready to have a great time watching captain scarlet and his fellow spectrum buddies fight the evil mysterons ( led by the sinister looking captain black ) , just as you did when you were still a child ! spectrum is green ! ! ! ...enjoy it ! !'
 'john mayer can grow his hair long and play his guitar slung low , but he is still a professionaly trained monkey , i mean musician . mayer along with "" artists "" like gavin degraw , teddy geiger , etc. , are todays n\'sync and backstreet boys , nothing more .'
 ""unlike many of the other reviewers , i actually bought this shaver to use on my head . i have been shaving my head for the past 2 years and during that time have used a panasonic es8066. it was a fine product ( able to be used either wet or dry , unlike the braun ) , but i had no idea that upgrading to the braun 8985 would make such a difference . i shaved my head in one third the time it took me using the panasonic ! no longer did i need to keep going over the same spot again and again . the braun took off the hair in one or two passes , cutting just as close with considerable ease and less irritation . i ca n't believe i wasted two years shaving with my old shaver ! i know panasonic has since come out with new and improved shavers , and i ca n't comment on its new vortex shaver , but i know i wo n't be returning my new braun any time soon""
 'it does everything i hoped for and more ! ! as a new user of acrobate , i am very definitely impressed.. . in part by the ease with which i am able to learn the program , as well as its functionality !'
 ""would work great , except...this does n't fit my new waterpik ultra ( wp-100 ) .""
 ""although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan""
 'i have been looking for a particular song for several years . this album had it'
 ""this is a very good camera for the price range . i have always had good luck with sony products , unlike some of the reviewers here . the resolution of the viewer window and the image quality itself is more than what i would expect from a camera in this price range... . it 's pretty decent . for what most people use dv cams for , this is camera does n't suck at all . i like how tiny it is . it does n't go much past the palm of my hand when i 'm holding it . also it was very easy to figure out just by exploring the menu on the touch pad . color graphics & icons on the menus add a nice touch . a beginner could start filming very soon after opening the box , i think . the camera feels sturdy in my hand , i mean i do n't feel like the viewer window is going to break off when it 's open or that i could easily break the buttons with normal use . as others have mentioned , you have to buy a 4 to 6 firewire if you have a mac because the ilink cable that comes with it is a s-video input for tvs . also the battery that comes with it is the 30 minute battery but i would have bought an extra one anyway because you never want to wait around while your only battery is charging . the software cd is a do-it-yourself install , at least for mac . it might not be for pc . i 'm used to being guided through the installation process.. . ( since at least the early 90 's ! ) but i had to drag the folder to my hard drive my darn self . a minor thing but i would have expected more from a major company like sony . but the reason i give it a 4 star rating instead of 5 is because the firewire goes into the base , not the camera so you cannot have the camera on a tripod while it 's connected to your machine . i realize this will not be a big problem for very many people but since i do stop-motion animation and use frame grabbing software , i need to have it connected to firewire and on a tripod in while i 'm working . i almost returned the camera when i discovered this but instead i hot glued velcro to the bottom of the base and to my tripod adaptor so i could have the firewire plugged in and attached to the tripod....kinda ghetto . i figure it was worth it though since i got such a good camera for the price ( i paid $299 on sale for it . ) if you 're looking for a decent but cheap camera i would recommend either this one or the hc42 if you want to shoot in widescreen .""
 'as a beta user i assure you that this will make your life easier by not having to stock a lot of forms from the court'
 ""perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of lincoln 's various works , such as the sacred place , the messianic legacy , and holy blood , holy grail , or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books . the dvd will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books . however , it is simply not successful as a stand-alone video or as a video about the da vinci code . the narrator , mr. lincoln , takes us through the quaint and beautiful countryside of the languedoc , home to the cathar heresy and the albigensian crusade , and points out some interesting details in his wandering . yet he rarely ties the details together into a coherent picture , and often makes comments that would seem to undercut the very idea that he intends to create a coherent picture . as well , he relishes in showing the destruction wrought to many of these mysterious details by treasure hunters and vandals ( many inspired , it would seem , by lincoln 's books ) and repeatedly editorializes against their actions . i finally fell asleep at around the 90 minute mark- --i cannot imagine what else mr. lincoln could have found to drone on about for the remaining half hour .""
 'the bloodshot gang knows how to have a good time ! if you \'re into the whole alt.country thing , you know that some of it is very sincere and serious ( ie , uncle tupelo , jayhawks ) . now i love "" no depression , "" and "" blue earth , "" but this is an altogether different quadrant of alternative country known as militant honky tonk , or just insurgent country . truth be told , this incredible anniversary compilation does have some poignant , serious numbers ( rico bell \'s "" money to burn , "" the texas rubies \' "" blue diamond mine , "" mike ireland \'s "" i \'d like to "" ) , but for the most part these maniacs are not taking themselves or the world that seriously . you \'ve got andre williams and sally timms singing "" i \'ll stick to you like glue.. . "" , in mock romantic seriousness with background singers going "" g-l-e-u , glue ! "" you \'ve got a song with a man and a woman serenading each other saying with deep country feeling how much they miss each other \'s bodies . you \'ve got kim docter and moonshine willy belting out "" turn the lights down low , "" which really ought to be a hit it \'s so catchy . and you \'ve got some great deadpan covers - - the waco brothers do a country rave-up of the who \'s baba o\'riley , "" red star belgrade does it to ac / dc \'s "" highway to hell , "" and best of all , the unholy trio turns public enemy \'s "" bring the noise "" into an understated redneck anthem . i \'m only scratching the surface here , with 40 tracks over 2 discs . this is a great introduction to the rowdier side of that sprawling beast that has not a name that can be agreed on.. . and do n\'t miss the fantastic earlier bloodshot compilation , hell-bent ( insurgent country , volume ii ) - - see my 9 / 5 / 04 review'
 ""i purchased this item the middle of may . it is now oct. 1st and it wo n't heat up anymore ! product should last longer than 5 months !""
 ""alexander pope was not of the romantic period , and any book that thinks he was can be no guide to a gre subject test . this alleged prep text splits hair in nanometers over interpretive questions , asks for identification of the most obscure passages , and frequently explains why b was the right answer , and why a , c , and d were wrong , but leaves that status of e wholly to the realm of mystery . the practice test sent out with the gre registration is different in scope , clarity , and difficulty . i actually tore out a chunk of this book with my teeth in frustration . do n't buy this book . do n't even steal it . spend the money on deluging the publisher with demands to remove it from the shelves and issue written apologies to anyone who ever suffered themselves to use it""
 'this is a great program for using a bible on your palm . the only issue was that i had to return the first cd for scratches and the 2nd was also all scratched up . it worked but ....'
 ""please buy a different camera . i have owned 5 different pocket digital cameras . under normal wear and tear , the cannon sd400 's lcd screen broke where other cameras i 've owned have not . i just purchased the nikon s7c with a bigger screen that is so well protected that i can hit it with no adverse affect . if you do buy the sd400 , set aside the $150 you 'll likely need to replace the lcd""
 'no eye piece cover - you put your eye on a hard surface hard to focus hard to find objects i lost a pair similar to these that were much better'
 ""left for dead by her kidnappers , lore is found by the mysterious woman spanner , who teaches her to survive by her wits and to live in the dark world of crime . the two become lovers , but lore wants legitimacy and to heal from her various wounds ( her past with her family , her weeks with the kidnappers ) , so she leaves , taking a new identity , and tries to fit in . ultimately , lore cannot run from her demons forever , and she must either choose to stay in the shadows or to face the truths of her past . set in the not-so-distant future , & quot ; slow river&quot ; weaves lore 's pasts and present together into an astonishingly compelling tale . at the heart of the book is the story of a young woman healing from abuse , and the science fiction aspects are simply the setting and enhancing details . & quot ; slow river&quot ; is the type of book that transcends whatever genre in which it 's placed : it 's more than a science fiction story , more than a coming-of-age story , more than a lesbian love story , more than a story of healing from abuse . this is a book that makes one believe in the power of fiction""
 'the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper \'s daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father \'s talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy \'s behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza \'s father and mother . ( "" something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . "" ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( "" ` you \'ll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? \' "" ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane \'s nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza \'s nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( "" i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down.. . "" ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( "" ` get you from me , \' he said . ` i ca n\'t be near you now . get out of my sight ! \' "" ) as a father , eliza \'s father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( "" terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n\'t explain away . it \'s not safe here , andrew john . i ca n\'t promise you \'ll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . "" ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship'
 ""if your a fan of progressive rock , you probably already know how good this cd is . in my mind it is the single greatest cd of all time ( followed closely by operation mindcrime , any of the great pink floyd and rush records ) my only complaint on this dvd , is the sound . i was at this show and the sound at the theater was great . somewhere , it did n't transfer to the recording . it is not the worst thing i have ever heard , but it does n't show the bands power live . every other aspect of this dvd is well worth the price . i would not want to be with out it .""
 'fifty-five minutes into this film , after freya ( jane march ) listens to the beast \'s explanation of his current condition- -it is the punishment of odin for killing a bear- -she says , "" what does it mean ? it makes no sense . "" although there is still half an hour yet to come , these eight words pretty much sum up this low-budget variant of "" beauty and the beast . "" the very title blood of beasts ( plural ) makes no sense . the film shows us only one beast- -a kind of man-bear- -and he is a revived and metamorphosed version of odin \'s pet bear , blended or fused with the man who killed it . academic scholars might argue that swaggering-but-cowardly sven ( played by william gregory lee ) is a kind of beast as well ( thus giving us two beasts ) , but we have no way of knowing what the writer and director intended . most likely the title was devised by somebody in the marketing department who had not seen the film . surely the blurb on the back of the dvd \'s hard case was written by another marketing person who never watched it either ; e.g. , it is untrue that freya "" must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fiance are captured by a tormented monster . . . cast out by his people . "" nor is it true that "" the beast [singular] . . . battles with freya for his redemption . "" further , expect no truth in these grand-sounding words : "" prepare for the ultimate tale of love and sacrifice , damnation and salvation . "" btw , the front of the hard case has a fake sepia picture of jane march / freya shooting an arrow in an impossible manner : the arrow \'s shaft is two or three inches above her hand that \'s gripping the bow . with one exception , the acting is a perfect match for the script : laughably poor . the exception is the beast ( played by david dukas ) . one is tempted to quip that only this role has "" teeth "" ; the fact is that only his role permits audio engineers ( or whoever ) to enhance the actor \'s voice electronically , only his role required serious make-up , and only his role required a "" special effect "" ( his morphing back to agnar , which every semi-conscious viewer , by a third of the way into the film , knew was coming ) . other viewers have commented on the comical tropical setting of this viking saga and the laughable "" ships . "" most preposterous is the tiny skiff that freya and ingrid ( candice hillebrand ) use to rescue king thorsson ( greg melvill-smith ) . on the island , the beast possesses an iron cage ( which clearly has been welded together using 20th - or 21st-century equipment ) ; when the king is confined in it , it can only be secured from the outside- -and yet , when freya is put inside it for her own protection at night , only she has control of its locking device . how convenient . the costumes are also anacronistically interesting , but only ms. march \'s deserve extended comment . when we first see her , she is wearing a little black viking bikini as she swims with friends ; then , besides flimsy chain mail , we see her in an array of gowns that seem to be fashoned from finely woven or knit fabrics- -the final one being most noteworthy for its sequined molded push-up bra-top . lest this review seem too harsh , a few individuals connected with this film deserve special mention for their outstanding contributions : mark thomas , who composed the viking music ; rob bishop , one of the focus pullers ; ryan lotter and steven ndlovu , two clapper loaders ; andrew gribble , a grip ; ben phiri , the generator operator ; guy bonner , transport manager ; johannes sithole , fabrication assistant ; kirsty taylor , prosthetics ; maxmillian van der merwe , standby set dresser ; dirk knoesen , stand-by [sic] carpenter ; sally van der merwe , scenic artists [sic] ; janine wyatt-mair , stunt performer ; grace sibiyo , seamstress ; diane allen , hair supervisor ; bianca , trainee make-up assistant ; ian thysse , medic ; and mark ferda , who did double duty as both dialogue editor and re-recording mixer . oh , one more thing : after coming out of her cage in the morning , jane march seems to have a nude swim in the sea , which the poor beast views from hiding , far-far-far away'
 'i am leading a christian study group using popular films . i was hoping this book could help me use film to illustrate some scriptural truth . unfortunately , the author was much less interested in a christian message than to make sure he took every opportunity to insult the "" church . "" i know that churches have problems and hurt people , but it is not as common as this author seems to assert . he seems very angry at the church ( and for some reason , all of western culture - especially america . ) living in n . ireland could make one suspicious of religion i assume , but despite his claims to be a chrisitan so concerned about commmunity , he seems to enjoy tearing down more than teaching and building up . it is a good study of film ( not movies - he definatley comes from a critical point of view and not that of an average person ) but not very useful in the context of the church . that \'s my take anyway . god bless'
 ""have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu""
 ""the design is great , very light , easy to handle . it 's very nice to be able to use it cordless . however , this is the least powerful epilator i have ever used in my 14 year of personal epilation history . ( i have gone through six epilators . ) it takes forever to clear a small area .""
 ""what a chore this book was to read . if it were n't for my ocd about finishing books that i start , i would 've read the first couple of chapters and then given up . it seems like a wannabe-suspense , but it 's not . it seems like there might be a love story in it , but there 's not . it feels like there might be a creepy angle in it , but there is not . what i can gather about this book is that the author thinks she 's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy . she tries to make a connection , but falls way short . read vinegar hill - that one was worth it . pass midnight champagne by""
 ""look i really despise bush . he 's an idiot . and i know people are gonna have different opinions on that . but what i wish wouldnt happen is people giving this 5 stars cause its against bush and they agree . seriously the music is really not good . however if you do buy it make sure you watch the dvd eh ? its got a great will farrel skit on it . 2 stars for that and the few decent songs on here ( ie no w by the ministry ) thats all""
 'the songs just did not get me dancing . i have to say i was disappointed . but i love kids favorite songs vol 2 but was never able to buy it as it was not availabl'
 'i understand that some fans would like to see more of their loved characters ( this series is one of the best as far as i \'m concerned ) , and i can understand the need in filling in a gap especually if the show has n\'t been aired in a while on tv : but i cannot understand anyone who buys this dvd for any reason . you do not need this dvd to "" fill the gap in your collection . "" they did the same thing with chobits in episode 7 , another damn recap . there \'s no point in watching it . the series is great , stick to the episodes both before and after this dvd . trust me , i know how tempting it is to either rent this episode , get it on netflix , or go out and buy it outright.. . but don\'t . you \'ll only be sorry . there are a myriad of reasons why the company made this dvd ( posted elsewhere ) but what \'s important is that it is a waste of time and money . great series ( a+ ) , this dvd = f .'
 'supposed being victimized by local communist regime and soviet oppressors since august-1968 , a skilled surgeon changed countries and jobs like surgical gloves he did at hospitals . no wonder , sex is a fix for such a lucky , and marriage to a beautiful adorable woman stopped a character with southern european rather than slavic appearance a little . extended up to 165 minutes of screening , romantic tale with some near-porno inclusions is a bit more over-positive and over-entertaining than its final collapsed in . well , movie spirit seems being similar to "" a beautiful life "" , "" producers "" or , more recent one of levi \'s hitler-as-a-comedy-hero , of what optimism and humoristic style used to depicting the tragedy serve well cinemagoers seeking a relaxation only .'
 'and you will to . this music conveys the happy feeling of latin music produced for the american ear from 1946 to 1949. i picked up the album from amazon after listening to selected cuts offered by the yahoo music radio service - - "" el cumbanchero "" and "" cuban pete "" . the cuts are almost all strong and all are well recorded , especially when you compare the sound quality to those on some other big band recordings that have been reissued . "" babalu "" which became desi arnez signature piece on the i love lucy tv show is probably one of the least appealing , and that may be why it was used comedically in the tv show through the years . the highlight cuts include - - "" peanut vender "" , "" holiday in havana "" , "" you can in yucatan "" and "" brazil "" . while brass , strings , drums and guitars tend to dominate much of today \'s music , this album gives the spotlight to a variety of percussion instruments , flute , clarinet and bass clarinet . it is refreshing to hear them in solo . the liner notes by will friedwald are extensive and give you a glimpse into this period of desi \'s life between his movie career and the defining work he and lucille ball did on television in the 50\'s . i could not recommend this album more and hope you enjoy it as much as i did'
 'is there anything more american then apple pie , baseball or a good rock hudson / doris day film ? it \'s always been such a treat to curl up with them and the third essential player , tony randall . rock is always doing something to infuriate doris . he \'s her worst nightmare . and what \'s more , he pretends to be someone else that doris falls for head over heals until the gig is up . then she \'s out for revenge , but love always wins out . ahhhh such feel good , laugh out loud stuff . so in this one from 1961 "" lover come back "" , madison ave is the setting . advertising is the game of carol templeton and rival jerry webster . but jerry is such a cad and a playboy . he steals big clients right from under her by wining and dining them , throwing raucous parties and getting the girl for them . carol on the other hand , does things a little different . she \'s virtuous and business like . when he trumps her cards once too often , she plans to get a little underhanded herself . trying to win over the scientist that is going to invent a new product for our guy rock , doris , who has never met webster ( as is always the case ) , mistakes him for...you guessed it..the shy , retiring , needy nerdy scientist . jerry , in true form goes along with it , and tries to woo carol into his bed . and the fun continues.. . doris is marvelous . watch her face . so many different emotions she goes through . from being exasperated , to being in love , she does it all . she \'s simply a joy . rock matches her perfectly with his pretenses , and has a way with the dialogue that just says rock ! as mentioned tony randall is always the third part to the equation that makes these films such classic fun . here he is the president of the ad firm and jerry \'s boss , but has n\'t a clue as to what \'s going on . he does this quite well.meanwhile , the fun does n\'t end with doris and rock . the race to make a new product , vip ! is causing quite a few explosions and when the product is finally ready for testing...well you just have to see for yourself ! the rest of the cast is quite a roll call . ann b davis , delbert mann , donna douglas ( the beautiful ellie mae clampett ) , edie adams , jack albertson , jack oakie , joe flynn , richard deacon , wow.. . the list goes on . the transfer to dvd looks great . picture clear , colors good.the film is presented in anamorphic widescreen 1.85:1 the sound is in dol dig 2.0 ( mono ) , but this is n\'t an action flick , so it \'s fine.there are caption in english ( a nod to universal there ) , subtitles in spanish and french . there are no features of any kind other than scene selections . this film is a treasure from the 60 \'s vault . doris \' outfits alone are smashing , and nyc in the 60 \'s too . this film has no rating on the case , but i would say pg . there are some adult situations , but all done in tasteful fun ( can you imagine doris day , doing anything else , even if she tried ? ) .the other two films that this trio delight us with is "" pillow talk "" and "" send me no flowers "" well , i \'m off to watch another day / hudson / randall film . i \'ve got my bowl of vip and ready for a fun evening.....lauri'
 ""billy collins 's original voice is delightfully accessible , often blending comedy and solemnity in one poem , and always with something new to say . the playful tone of these poems can be misleading ; whether he is writing about eating a good plate of osso bucco or his favorite museum rooms , there is always a pathos lingering in the silence after the last line . most relieving is the absence of pretentiousness or haughty language . this is simply , as robert bly writes in his introduction to the best american poems of 1999 , collins 's skillful ability to & quot ; bring the soul up close to the thing&quot ; in every poem . books such as & quot ; the art of drowning&quot ; threaten to change the face and purpose of poetry in the 21st century . let 's hope there is plenty more to come from billy collins""
 ""i have just about all of robben 's albums and i believe that this is his best work . the interpretations and musicianship are outstanding . robben 's improvisational playing actually comes across more like composition . his technique is extremely melodic . he is , in my opinion , one the best blues guitar players around and his profound knowledge of jazz gives his music a very refreshing & quot ; twist&quot ; . check out his prowess on & quot ; you cut me to the bone&quot ; , & quot ; prison of love&quot ; or & quot ; my love will never die&quot ;""
 'a great resource for first time and experienced importers who do not fully understand their responsibilites as an importer .'
 'yet even some of you who agree that the album bites still say that "" tub thumping "" is okay , even if it "" gets old after awhile "" . that song is crap ! ! ! has to be one of the worst songs ever to get play . ever ! sounds like a bad radio commercial for some english beer they \'re trying to market in the states . that song ( if you can call a random string of cheesy choruses a song ) makes the strongest argument against anarchy that i \'ve ever heard . proves that people who ca n\'t agree on anything ca n\'t make a song that makes any sense or follows any consistent theme . gotta go - just threw up in my mouth from the bilious memory of this worthless pop drivel'
 ""this was one of the first hiphop albums i ever purchased and i still listen to it today i think that krs 's style was best suited to primos production . once he lost primo ( with the exception of a few albums ) he couldnt hold it anymore musicly . krs didnt care about the latest trends in music or about bein a thug or topping the pop charts he just showed his incredible talents on the mic and stomped all the wack mcs that deserved it . this was also the album that introduced the world to krs as a solo artist and he proved that he had plenty of ammunition left from his bdp days as well as few musical / lyrical tricks up his sleeve this album along with any other bdp release should be considerd mandatory listening for all you youngsters out there who are just getting into hiphop this was the era that i belive hiphop was the best about 93-98 its a shame that kris is doing the crap hes doing now i wish he would find a better producer or just stop doing albums and continue his carrer as a live battle rapper .""
 'the wifi is a great idea ! the idea on paper sounds amazing , but the way you had to do it was horrible . it gave you no control over what pictures or anything . plus it was slow . the picture quality was horrilbe ! ! ! m y two megapixel cell phone takes better pictures than this camera . they look amazing on the lcd screen , but once you get them on the computer , they are fuzzy , grainy , etc. i would not recomend this camera to anybody . yes , it has some nice features , but the pictures are anything but acceptable'
 ""i watched ten minutes of beanie seagal trying to act and turned my dvd player off to read a book . i had to . i felt like i was getting dumber by the minute for watching that short segment of the movie . it looked so common i did n't even need to see the rest to tell you the end . i 'm willing to bet some people got shot , somebody got away with the crime , the police arrested beanie , and somebody 's mother was yelling at somebody . i do n't even care if i 'm right or wrong because regardless , i 'm not gonna finish watching this movie""
 'there is now no trace of delight left in this band . all songs are either moderately slow and somewhat self-indulgent or frightfully slow and quite self-indulgent . i do love this band and pronounce praises upon them whenever i receive a doe-eyed look saying their name , but this cd and the cd previous ( which did have 1 tune , "" apples , "" with which one could smile ) does , for the first time , take away any anticipation for their next collection of chopfallen tunes . first , we loose the roses , then the ned \'s disband , following that , swervedriver breaks apart and velocity girl is gone forevermore . now my charlatans have become charlatans of the great band they once were .'
 ""i do n't know if it works or not - i just received it and all i get on it is a low battery reading""
 'the idea is fantastic . the fact is i do n\'t wake up immediately like bzzzz- -i \'m awake . amazingly i can hit the snooze on a regular alarm without ever knowing it . on this alarm , the light starts glowing and gets brighter and brighter over a period of time you select . i have mine set for 15 minutes , and usually by the time the light has reached maximum i \'m coherent enough to get up . if the light does n\'t do it , you can add sounds ranging from a buzzer to screeching sea gulls- -ocean , wind , and ringing bells falling somewhere in between . the flaws : as others have mentioned , the light itself makes a buzzing noise at low light levels . so when it first pops on in the morning , you also get the annoying filiment vibration of the lamp . secondly , you do n\'t set the alarm for when you want to get up . you have to go through some math calculations , figuring out when you want to wake up and how long it will take you to get to that point . then you set the alarm for that earlier time ( awake minus groggy equals alarm time ) . third , if you use the sound in addition to the light , it does increase in volume as the light increases in intensity , but the sound starts out so loud to begin with that the light is really pointless . a workaround we \'ve found for this is to use the external speaker provided . plug it into the back of the light , run it across the room , and bury it upside down under some pillows . then pick a sound like "" birds "" instead of the lip-curling "" harbor "" or "" town "" . from it \'s buried location across the room , the sound hits the right volume about the time the light maxes out . whoever came up with the plan of making the sound come on with the light was just not thinking . fourth , the clock lumination can change colors , rotating through the entire rainbow all night long in its default setting . at first that looks cool . until you realize a bright yellow clock glowing in your face at 2 a.m. is just wrong . the darkest setting is red , and the only way to choose it is to hit a pause button on the back when it rotates around to that color . so yes , it works . and it wakes me up without making me use my hammer . but the design is just plain stupid . if the manufacturer would wander by here , read this and make a few design changes , they could make a light worth buying'
 ""we caught this movie on pbs when it first came on , and my daughter was hooked . it 's a change from the regular arthur animation - this one is computer animated . she was very intrigued by that fact , and then the story is about a puppy.. . well there you go ! the story is well written , a little scary at times when the guard dogs are chasing after pal . there are even a few catchy tunes as well . highly recommend this to every arthur fan out there""
 ""i really enjoyed my nano chi iron while it lasted ( rip 7 / 06-11 / 06 ) , it handles well , it 's a great straightener , and it 's a pretty color . however , i dropped it approximately two feet , onto a carpeted floor , and it stopped working . i purchased the chi about four months ago and think that a $120 iron should be a bit more resiliant . i 'll still purchase chi products , but would n't recommend investing in the nano technology just yet...there are a few kinks that still need to be worked out , and it 's not worth having to pay an extra $35 to have it repaired""
 ""this is n't a bad dryer when it comes to convenience and travelling . however , the folding handle did eventually break and i had to modify it to hold it together . i have n't noticed any benefit from the ion control , mine and my wife 's hair get 's easily frizzled with this dryer , plus it takes a long time to dry in comparison to what others have claimed . the switch is definitely very difficult to use , there 's no way a person can use it with one hand . if you tried , you 'd end up dropping the thing . the fact that the off position is between the two speed settings is n't very good either because you push so hard to move the switch you simply move from high to low instead of to the off position . personally , i ca n't wait to find her a better one so i can tear this one apart for more interesting things . on the upside , after fixing the handle , it has worked without any real problems for 6 months""
 '"" the talons of weng chiang "" is a wonderfully creepy pseudo-historical tale full of mood , atmosphere , and an unusual amount of violence for "" doctor who "" - -almost as if departing producer philip hinchcliffe was taking a parting shot at his critics on his way out . but it \'s not all gloom and doom . this storyline is a fine mix indeed of good old "" doctor who "" humor at its funniest as well as thrilling "" doctor who "" adventure at its most gruesome . the dank and dour city streets and slums of late-19th century london make a grim backdrop for a tale of manipulation , madness , and serial murder ( technologically refined cannibalism , really ) , and yet the doctor \'s many clever quips and leela \'s naively astute observations on "" civilized "" victorian life keeps the viewer laughing throughout , and the main villain \'s second-hand man , li-hsen chang , has some incredibly witty one-liners as well . li-hsen chang himself is a fascinating character , delightfully entertaining on stage and yet cold and ruthless in his service to "" weng-chiang , "" a stranded , time-traveling dictator from the future who has deceived chang into believing he \'s a deity from the taoist pantheon . chang \'s paranormal powers , foremost of which is hypnotism , definitely evoke the late victorian fascination with mesmerism ( see the poster advertising his show ) and serve to mark him as a clever echo of the evil fu manchu characters so much the stock villains of pulp fiction , and yet he \'s also a tragic figure in many ways- -a healthy , innocent rural farmer whose simple religious beliefs were abused by an evil man- -uprooted and given extraordinary powers along with refinement and authority by his "" god "" and yet irrevocably corrupted in the process . in many ways this works as a dark counterpoint to the pygmalion-style educational program the doctor \'s putting leela through , to her annoyance . if li-hsen chang is an interesting and complex adversary though , the same ca n\'t really be said for his master , weng-chiang himself . he \'s a rather unremarkable two-dimensional villain , i \'m afraid , complete with hokey bad-guy laugh and over-the-top acting . perhaps the writers were going for a sort of campy effect , but if so , they overdid it just a bit . at times too he \'s just more annoying than frightening- -every time the ever loyal li-hsen is faithfully going about their nefarious business only to be thwarted by the doctor , weng-chiang throws a fit , savagely berating the poor guy on and on ad nauseum . on this score , weng-chiang is less evil incarnate than a bad reminder of some dysfunctional manager at one \'s workplace . it does n\'t help either that he bears no resemblance whatsoever to the clean-cut bureaucratic deity of education whom he \'s presumably impersonating , so that the whole idea comes across as altogether somewhat unconvincing . all in all , though , this is an enjoyable adventure . the doctor is at his sleuthing best , leela shines as a displaced neolithic warrior , and a fine complement of vividly memorable supporting characters keep the story moving right along in an entertaining fashion , all of them brought to life by a fine script and even finer acting . and anyway , li-hsen more than makes up for weng-chiang \'s deficiencies as an interesting villain for most of the show , while the cyborg assassin mr. sin is genuinely creepy ( especially if you have a phobia of ventriloquist dolls ) . so this is a fine storyline altogether as long as you take some of it with a grain of salt- -or a dash of soy sauce , rather'
 ""the economy , austerity and directness of the films of fritz lang made him one of the most profound , and precise filmmakers.. . lang , a master of the german expressionist film , shot his first talkie , a crime drama considered a landmark in the story of suspense movies.. . it was a shocking idea for its time , based on the real-life killer peter kurten , headlined as the vampire of düsseldorf.. . ' m ' is about a terrorized city , and a plump little man with wide eyes ( often chewing candy ) who is a pathological child-killer , unable to control his urge for killing.. . the film embodies several lang themes : the duality between justice and revenge , mob hysteria , the menacing anticipation of watching a helplessly trapped individual trying fruitlessly to escape as greater forces move inexorably in , and , for probably the first time in the cinema , it adds a new dimension to suspense : pity.. . for the killer is clearly mentally sick.. . he cannot overcome the overwhelming compulsion of his murderous disease , and yet , we see him hunted down and almost lynched as a criminal , rather than treated as a sick man.. . early in the film , the killer is heard whistling the grieg theme from ' in the hall of the mountain king' . this theme inexorably becomes imbued with menace.. . and when we see no more than a girl looking in a shop window , the melody on the sound-track told us chillingly that the murderer is there , just out of sight.. . the murderer is played by peter lorre in a virtuoso performance that has barely been matched in all the thrillers he has made since ' casablanca , ' ' the maltese falcon , ' and ' the mask of dimitrios . ' when the photographs of his victims , all little girls , are shown to him , he jumps back and twitches with horror.. . with powerful visuals , lang 's motion picture is lorre 's first film.. . his performance as the corpulent , hunted psychopath is a masterpiece of mime and suggestion.. . lorre is the archetypal outsider-outside the law and society because of his compulsive crimes , outside the balancing society of the underworld because he is not a professional criminal.. . he had only twelve lines of dialog.. . in the most famous of all about a pathological killer - alfred hitchcock 's ' psycho ' - anthony perkins lacked not only the threat of the tortured peter lorre , but also the dimension of invoking our incredulous sympathy.. . ' psycho ' reeked with blood and horror , whereas the suspense of ' m ' is subtle.. . a child 's balloon without an owner , a rolling ball , are enough to tell us that another murder had been committed.. . the audience , trapped in its seats , torn by ambivalent feelings towards the killer , watched him trapped as the net is pulled tight.. .""
 'i received this product in a timely manner . it was exactly what i needed . thank you'
 ""this movie , while not a bomb or a turkey , has a couple of serious flaws . one is the casting . ted wass has lots of credits to his name , according to imdb , but what a wimpy , character-less , uninteresting washout he is ! was blake going for a harold lloyd lookalike ? he got one , but there 's nothing else to recommend him . he looks like a clark kent without the superman suit underneath . the other flaw is the length . even the opening credits ( using a defreiling / patie ripoff style ) go on forever . but the slapstick , which is masterful as always ( blake having been raised on or at least heavily influenced by silent comedies , especially those of laurel & hardy ) ...my god , does he stretch things out here ! the cameos are the saving grace , especially roger moore's . his vocal impersonation of clousseau is perfect . why did n't he dub the voice for clousseau in the concurrently filmed trail of the pink panther ? whoever did that voiceover sounded like sellers on helium ! it 's sad to see our icons age , especially burt kwouk , who looks and sounds awfully tired . david niven looks as close to death as he actually was . rich little 's uncredited overdubbing was beautifully done : subtle and convincing . herbert lom 's dreyfuss got bigger and more ridiculous in each successive film . and harvey korman 's prof . balls is delightful . the entire scene in his shop is a stitch . no , there will never be another sellers ( and i have no intention of seeing the new film with steve martin ) . but blake could have done better with his stopgaps""
 'this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped'
 ""private eye philip marlowe is asked for help to get to mexico by terry lennox . marlowe likes lennox and agrees to help him , but later lennox commits suicide in the small mexican town of otatoclan . but why was lennox driven to such extremes ? later on , marlowe is asked for his assistance in keeping the alcoholic writer roger wade on the staight-and-narrow . this is not really marlowe 's line of work , but he becomes entangled in the case especially as connections with lennox begin slowly to emerge . this is a longer , more ambitious novel by chandler albeit displaying the same cynical , tough edge as the other marlowe novels i 've read . the greater length allows chandler more space for character development and reflection . the danger of this is that the novel could have felt over-extended , but for me it didn't . the ending did not come as a total surprise , but as with every other chandler novel i 've read , enjoyment of the journey rather than satisfaction at the quality of the destination is the important thing . g rodger""
 ""at first , i found this book to be difficult to digest because it appeared to be heading in a direction that was in sacrilegious conflict with my beliefs as a christian and a catechist in the catholic church . yet a part of me was also highly fascinated and captivated by the story , especially since i work as a mental health professional . as i keep reading , i discovered that it was n't sacrilegious at all but rather a story of general faith and hope , of the extent a mother would go through to protect her child , and of the intrusive nature of the media . i particularly liked the strength mariah showed during this conflict , despite her past history of nervous breakdown . and i like the way the character of ian evolved from a sleazy teleaetheist to a caring and more moral man . the secondary characters were all wonderful , in particular mariah 's mother and the lawyers on both side . i thought the trial was once of the most interesting parts of the story . as with all picoult books , this was a deep and heavy novel which was n't easily breezed through , but it was definitely a compelling and awesome book to read !""
 ""terrible product . printer jams repeatedly or paper never feeds properly . i 've had a replacement sent and the same thing happens . even though i have printed less than 50 photos with this replacement , which i have had less than a year , kodak support says it cannot be fixed by me and i need to have it serviced by them for 80 bucks . a new one sells for $99 and the price is dropping fast . i told kodak support i would not send it back to them , spending 80 dollars would be like flushing money down the toilet or taking a stick in the eye . i further notified kodak that i would instead send it to the place it belongs - a land fill . also , i 've heard that the recommended fix ( which does not work , by the way ) , unplugging the unit to reset , will cause the color cartridge light to illuminate prematurely . with the cost of paper and cartridges , this last insult makes this printer one to avoid . 1 star because when it does print the prints look good , but , man , the aggravation to get this thing to work correctly is not worth any price . rushed to the market place without enough reliability testing on an unsuspecting public . total junk from a venerable name desperate for a hit product .""
 'their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode\'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n\'t have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode\'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert "" fonksta "" bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their "" gangsta conversation "" album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode\'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review'
 'i do n\'t know why most of the reviews are so negative . mine works perfectly , it does not flip-flop , does not drop down and you can remove those thingies inside to make the water pressure higher for a more soothing shower experience . reason i gave it 4 stars is because i have what is called a "" diverter valve "" attached to my shower head . the waterpik is meant to be installed directly onto the shower head itself . i could not do that , because i have a portable "" wand "" that is moveable via hose connected to the valve and noticed that the threading is too short for the waterpik to latch on to . went to home depot and got an extension and a coupling , kind of ingenious and used lots of pipe tape to "" interface "" the waterpik via the extension , via the coupling onto the diverter valve.... . wow ! no leaks ! works perfectly . for those of you out there that has a diverter valve for more then one showerhead option , go to home depot , lowe \'s or a hardware store and what i wrote above will work as it did for me . enjoy'
 ""i am so happy with aquasana shower filter . i live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored . as a consequence , my skin shortly turned dry and i continuously got skin problems . i even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday . now that i have found aquasana , i feel so happy . it does what it promises . i could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time . and it did feel like showering in natural spring water . i could n't be happier with this product""
 'my husband was leaving more than 20 pairs of reading glasses everywhere and any where and could still never find a pair when he needed them....even to ead a menu ! these glasses are the answer to anyone who wears reading glasses . i bought them in all colors for him and even bought a pair work a friend who works with him ( he loves them as well and bought in more colors also ) . neither of them have lost a pair in all of these months . they also have started so many conversations . everyone who has asked about them has done the same and have bought in all colors . it takes a little adjusting and getting use to but everyone we know has never returned a pair . only reason they have returned was to order in more colors or to order for friends and loved ones ! these glasses are fantastic ! thanks for the great service'
 'i have owned this pulse meter for approximately 2 weeks and i find it to be accurate , but it takes a while for it to give a reading . the first few times i used it , it took over a minute to tell me my pulse . however , the manual does state that when you become used to the correct positioning of your finger on the sensor it will give a result faster . so far , this is true , as within the last 3 days , i have received readings within 10 seconds consistently . considering the price , it was a good purchase'
 'i read the pig man by paul zindel for a summer vacation assignment . in all , i do not enjoy reading books , but i was surprised by the humor in this book . when i was reading it , i would have to stop reading and i would start laughing . it would take a while to calm myself down . it first started with john and lorraine , then a lot of strange things started to happen to them . the old man that they where trying to prank call , was actually going to give them money . when they meet him it all changed . they where worried because they lied to him and did not know what to do . they told him the truth and became good friends with the pig man . they called him the pig man because his name was mr. pignati , and he collected hundreds of little pig statues . john and lorraine learned a lot about the importance of life as they grew to love the pig man . this sad story has to taught them how to move on after a loved one has died .'
 ""when dvds came out i thought that cds were gone . i thought all bands would start making videos out of all their songs and selling dvds instead of cds . that 's what happened with records . cds came out and no one released vinyl anymore . i am so glad that the sun was the first band to do this . every song on this disk is golden . there ai n't a bad song in the bunch . i heard about this disk on npr radio . it seems that it was taking warner bros . so long to release the cd that the band made homemade videos for all their songs . the record company heard about this , watched the videos and said , that 's cool , here is some more money , go and make the videos professionally and we will release it as a dvd , like it was a new idea or something . i talked with my buddies and most of them also thought this should have been done a long time ago . another thing that is way cool is the audio tracks . all the songs are on the disk in .wav form too so that you can put it in your computer and tell windows media player or whatever you use to put it on a regular cd and play it in your car or convert them into mp3s . there is even a sticker on the shrink wrap encouraging you to convert the .wav files . i could go on and on about how much i love this disk . i played it for my wife , kids , coworkers and they all loved it . like other reviewers said , the sun is a new classic . keep it up boys .""
 ""my kids really liked how it did n't feel like suntan lotion""
 ""these are great films and the set is lovely . but boo to criterion anyhow for not sticking up for cassavetes scholar ray carney , whose name was removed from the set after months of work because of his feud with cassavetes ' widow gena rowlands . buy the dvd set , anyhow , you must , but go to the cassavetes pages , find carney 's links , and read his account of the troubles he 's had , trying to preserve and expose people to rare cuts of faces and shadows he himself tracked down.. . sorry to take sides - - gena rowlands probably has her own justifications for feeling as she does - - but i greatly admire carney 's contributions to keeping cassavetes ' memory alive and exposing people to his films ; he put an amazing amount of work into cassavetes on cassavetes , too . it sucks that he kind of got stiffed here .""
 'the author not only argues for feminism , but she does so in a unique manner , and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders . she compares and defines literary and national borders . this book is extremely thorough on all aspects of chicana feminist writing available , by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions . to really grasp the experience , the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth , substance , truth and validity .'
 'first off , this book is very entertaining to read . unlike many political books , it is never tedious or redundant . "" thieves in high places "" is an accurate portrayal of what is wrong with both parties in america . it is also informative and insightful on the roles of big corporations in american politics and local economies . this book is a call to arms against large corporations that put locally owned businesses under , companies that use child labor overseas , and the entire americal political system . this book empowers the common man in his fight for an egalitarian society , fair wages for all , and a real equal oppurtunity at an education . i loved this book , it was a pleasure to read , and confirmed everything that disuades me about america today . it is worth a read'
 'i loved this camera but i have had to send it back 3 times for the infamous "" system error 2 "" design fault which plagues many of these . the repair service is slow - the camera has been in repair 50% of the year i have had it'
 'there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while "" playing "" the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination'
 'i use it with my nikon d70 , and am very satisfied with it . i most often use it for long exposures , for taking picture that include myself , and for taking pictures of my 6-month old daughter , who stops acting naturally when she notices i hold the camera , so i place it on the tripod , and take pictures of her .'
 'this little girl lives by herself , its wild how she lives , and what out for that white powder ! mario is her only friend . and trap door is a goner'
 'i bought from the 3 types of olay total effect , and i did try them after reading the instruction , there is no magical effect apeard after 1 month but there is diffrence , the company was very good in logistic maters']","[[0. 1.]
 [0. 1.]
 [0. 1.]
 ...
 [1. 0.]
 [1. 0.]
 [1. 0.]]","[0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1
 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 0
 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0
 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 0
 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0
 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0
 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1
 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1
 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0
 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1
 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0
 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0
 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0
 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0
 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0
 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 0
 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0
 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1]"
