Naive Bayes classifier False Predictions
"[""i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field""
 'would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of "" king solomons mines "" . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic "" prisoner of zenda "" . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution .'
 'very good it does what i want and more . now to get more training on doing more with this produc'
 'now on their sixth studio album ( and second on a major label ) carbon leaf plays it safe with the inoffensive rock / pop of "" love , loss , hope , repeat . "" lead vocalist barry privett has a warm , pleasant way of delivering his lyrics , and renowned producer peter collins fulfills his duties . nevertheless , the 11-song collection is most notable for its power of subtlety . in fact , it is so subtle that not one song is memorable . some lyrics are heartfelt ( "" the war was in color "" recounts a conversation between a grandfather and grandson , lead single "" learn to fly "" regretfully summons up inner strength ) but with such flat , by-the-numbers melodies these songs have little to stand on . everything sounds just fine , but nothing is endearing . every guitar strum and drum beat can be predicted ten seconds prior to its appearance , and privett , despite his appealing voice , could easily be singing one extremely long song . this project is obviously well-intentioned , but many other bands have done this before and better . these guys without a doubt have talent , but this album will soon be forgotten for good reason . next time they will hopefully carve out a more unique sound than the one on this record .'
 'multiple reviewers of other washington biographies recommended this abridgement over the book they were reviewing . i am a reader , as claimed above , but i have not read any washington biography . i still thought the above information might be helpful to other seekers'
 ""less a view from afar or broad exposure of solitude from the human condition , this book more aptly excerpts the author 's personal conflicts with human relationships.....a one-on-one wrestling match with the self with no spectators and no judges . the book is a good read for academic analysis , but not so fun for venturist philosophy""
 'el producto es de muy bajas caracteristicas . material barato , zoon de baja calidad , en otras palabras es sumamente inferior a otros equipos que he probado los cuales se encuentran en el mismo rango de precios . kodak tiene una linea de camaras económicas las cuales paracen ser desechables . no lo recomiedo'
 ""unfortunately total block did not work well with my rosacea sensitive skin . it caused my skin to become very red and irritated by the end of the day . i do n't doubt this is an excellent sunblock , just not for my rosacea sensitive skin . i use it now on my arms with no problems . i do feel it is very expensive for so little product so will not repurchase""
 'the book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included . however , on the atkins diet , the important measure to monitor is the & quot ; active&quot ; carbohydrate mass which may metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber . the inclusion of such a measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility'
 ""this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process . it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work . if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004. do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it""
 'it is working well , little slow warm up . but actually i wanted a hot air brush , not this , because i have very short hair , but i was mistaken when i ordered hot brush instead of hot air brush'
 'well organized , understandable , and has a good index . associated web site also useful'
 'i \'m a big fan of great big sea and i purchase everything they release . apparently they were trying to give this cd the "" feel "" of a live , medium-size venue performance . unlike their other live dc offerings , this one sounds like it was recorded with a micro-cassette tape in some fan \'s front pocket . it does n\'t give justice to their usual great vocals and unique sound . overall , i was pretty disappointed and i \'d recommend their earlier offerings over this one .'
 'book contains many useful lists / charts / comparisons to define giftedness . many helpful hints about raising a gifted child . main criticism is that the book is more about raising children in general - - and may push those with & quot ; normal&quot ; kids into thinking they have gifted ones and down that track - - when they should not . gifted kids are the exception , not the norm as this book makes it seem'
 'sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n\'t belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n\'t we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from "" dive "" ? her "" classics "" album had it right . except their version of "" captain nemo "" was the rip off live version . and this cd does n\'t even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the "" classics "" album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . "" it \'s a beautiful day "" and "" what you never know "" are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out "" harem "" and "" beautiful "" , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n\'t have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though'
 ""these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever""
 ""the camera is a great camera.it is one of the best kind of camera in its level.everything is great in that ( perfect picture and easy to work ) but in that package as i saw in amazon add , the remote suppose to be in the package and comes with it but it wo n't and there is not remute in that package and it is kind of cheating...be careful about this product if you think whatever has written comes with package but not .""
 'i will be honest i like dolph lundgren.........a look at his filmography you see b.movie classics such as "" the punisher "" , universal soldier "" and "" blackjack "" dolph has been going trough a slump.........storm catcher and the startlingly routine jill the ripper and the awful minion ( aka fallen knight ) but with agent red dolph lundgren hits rock bottom . agent red first of all steals it \'s music from predator 2......and it \'s plot from counter measures , oh i \'m not finished yet . it steals footage from storm catcher ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the scene where jon penner steals the air craft while posing as dolph lundgren..........now penner is 5\'11 dolph lundgren is 6\'5 for goodness sake ! yet they try to pass it off as dolph lundgren as the soldier stealing the aircraft for part of a mission.....this scene made me wanna throw up but i hung in there.....it turns out more footage is stolen.......i swear i saw footage from iron eagle and iron eagle ii.......i saw footage from crimson tide and i saw footage from counter measures........what the heck was dolph thinking when he signed for this junk ? i have no idea . when i was a teen ( when showdown in little tokyo came out ) i thought dolph lundgren could n\'t sink lower then showdown in little tokyo , then when i saw the minion i was almost sure dolph could n\'t do worse........well i pray he ca n\'t do any worse because agent red is one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life..........this is coming from a guy who likes don the dragon wilson . bottomline:on agent red \'s cover it says "" once exposed you cannot survive "" take this as a warning'
 'the leather is very soft and the case is simply quality . i should have bought this one the first time'
 ""do n't get me wrong , i really enjoy neal stephenson 's books . the historical content he winds into his plots is engaging . however , i have been working with the micro computer since before the command line . neal , you have the title wrong . in the beginning was the monitor . no doubts in my mind . my right hand is still trained to enter octal codes on a keypad at lightening speed ! the command line came much later , more like the coalescence of matter in the universe when clumps of useful things needed some impactful gravity . the monitor was there before the clumps and after the octal toggle switches , address load and register load momentary switches . the monitor got the human fingers attached to the computer once and for all . so , 2 stars because the title is just wrong""
 ""my boys have grown up with dave hood playing all sort of characters like busdriver dave , pilot dave and fireman dave . i was excited to get this new dvd as my youngest is crazy for tractors and dump trucks . unfortunately , there 's a new dave ( kind of like the change that took place in blues clues ) and it 's just not the same . the new dave is not bad perse , but after years of dave hood 's cheesy grin , i ca n't say that we watch this one much if at all""
 'worked as expected . a few hardware glitches but that was to be expected'
 ""a fine example of how fickle or intimate ( i prefer the word intimate ) scent is to each of us . this is one fragrance that i have not gotten to like . received as a gift more than a year ago , the bottle still has three-quarters . it does have a ` rich ' scent but i find it to be too confusing and indescribable a scent , not educing a one word description like ` sporty ' , ` sexy ' , ` alluring' . i do n't wear it very often but i do n't recall a single occasion of ` what fragrance are you wearing ? ' with this one . it 's just not my cup of tea so definitely , if you 're not familiar with this scent beforehand ; do not buy before trying it out at a department store for a day . why buy ? as a gift for the guy competing for the female that is currently in your crosshairs . as a gift for your boss - you will know he 's coming from a mile away . you need a gift for a guy who could n't pour water out of a boot even if there were instructions on the hee""
 ""i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good""
 'when i first opened up the "" super quick charger "" i was a bit put off.. . it \'s small , it \'s cheap looking.. . compared to the old nicd charger i used to have it was very unimpressive . then i plugged it in . say what you will about this barebones solution , it works amazingly well . it charges the batteries quickly and the batteries last a really long time in between charges . it does exactly what i was looking for . if i could improve anything it would be to implement some sort of cover on the battery slots . while it \'s not essential to the process by any means , it would look a lot better , and the batteries would be less prone to being jostled out of their positions in mid-charge by a curious cat .'
 ""i have nothing bad to say . it gets hot enough . it was cheap . it seems well made . the cover is washable . it 's just what i was looking for""
 ""having just read the book ( most highly recommended ) i decided to treat myself to the movie . i could have cried . while i did not expect the movie to contain everything from the book , i was sadly dissapointed to see that it totally changed the plot around . in the book , the 5 men bonded together and were great men of character . in the movie , they got rid of one man , had the other eaten right off the bat , pencroft is shown to be a coward and greedy . in the book , nemo appears only in the last two or three chapters , and he does not have an elaborate home on the island . and what about those stupid giant animals ? i do n't recall reading about them . the fence around nemo 's home looks like it came right from jurassic park . the whole story was about 5 ( eventually 6 ) men who were stranded on an uncharted island and the wonderful adventures they had there . on another note , the graphics were pretty bad . the panning was very blurry and the picture was often grainy . as one reviewer well said , it is suitable for children who are easily pleased , but it is nothing like the book . perhaps this is why amazon sells it for only $6.99""
 'this is a must have for anyone with an r&b "" oldies "" collection . you wo n\'t be disappointed'
 ""i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens .""
 'the pills really do work . i stopped taking stacker over a year ago and i stopped my routine workouts and i gained 40 lbs in just one year ! i was so frustrated and dissapointed at myself so i started going to the gym but i was finding it hard to motivate myself to do anything while at the gym . i just started taking stacker3 for one week and already i have dropped almost 10 lbs ( of course with excersise as well ) this pill not only helps with energy but as i have read , it also works as a metabolism enhancing property ! thank you nve for a great product . the only negative thing about it is that i sometimes feel dizzy and a numbness to my fingers . ( that was the reason i stopped taking it in the first place but its really not life threatening or as serious as it may sound )'
 'this product might do for a backpacking weekend with the boy scouts , but compared to a blade razor , or even an electric , it leaves a lot to be desired . i recommend giving it a pass'
 'i \'ve had my son in huggies brand since he was born . i started out with newborns and just went up in size . i loved them and they never sagged ( unless they were really full ) . i loved the trim look to them . when i had to get pampers brand because the store was out , the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load . even if i had just put them on and they were dry ! when my son was 1 , he decided to take off the "" tape "" on the daipers and he just would not keep it on . so i switched him to pull ups . he kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years . sometimes they did leak at night , because he went too much , but if i changed him once a night he was fine . now that he \'s older , i do n\'t have to change him , because he does n\'t go at night . these are really best out there , and they do n\'t look like they are always sagging like other diapers'
 'but a good debut album . this is when i felt proud knowin ja was from ny . no radio friendly s*** here just street for the most part . but i guess when you were never really gangsta in the first place you ca n\'t keep talkin about it , which is why i guess he changed his style . now the subject i wanna hit . has anyone noticed that guy named progressive ? why does amazon allow goofs who hate hip hop trash our culture ? and everytime i turn around its some damn rocker / junkie hippie . last time i checked rhythm and melody was part of music . i dont hear none of those when i through on heavy metal or rock . i \'m tired of our music bein trashed . you know what im a go trash one of they "" artist "" right now'
 ""the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : )""
 'i like guru because it has a more natural feeling towards your body . after drinking monster all day , my body felt like a mess ( from the many unnatural chemicals it does to your body ) . there are so many energy drinks out there that have loads of chemicals , its harder to find stuff like guru and bawls .'
 'i bought a 3 user zone alarm suite for far less than zone alarm offered for a single user upgrade . it pays to shop around , and amazon is often where it all winds up'
 'i \'m not going to comment on the episodes because almost all of them can be found on the season 1 & 2 box sets , which is how you \'re better off seeing them ( at least they \'re in order and paired together with the proper companion episodes ) . instead i will be focusing on the bonus features . not the violent femmes music video , because that too can be found on the season 1 box set , but on the cast and crew interviews that make up the rest of the bonus features . i love the interviews and the "" in studio "" voice recording re-enactments , but i *hate* how every piece of this great footage is ruined because someone thought it would be a great idea to cover up almost the entire screen with a bubble graphic frame . you can only see the video through a small round part of the middle of your tv screen , and even then it is n\'t clear as there \'s a bubble "" shine "" over it . i \'d love for paramount / nick to include all of the original , non-bubblefied footage on the season 3 box set , even though most of the episodes are for seasons 1 and 2'
 'i have heard fabulous things about gripe water from fellow mothers , but this particular brand is horrible . the scent is strong , and the taste is strong and medicinal . there are other gripe water brands out there that do not have such scent / taste . upon ingesting only 1 ml of this gripe water , my 7 week old daughter gagged repeatedly and vomited . up until then , she never vomited before . if you want to try gripe water , find another brand'
 'noam chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his , yours , and mine - the united states of america . he has made millions of dollars teaching , lecturing , selling his books , and investing . his world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved . his infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own jewish ethnicity and the u.s. , in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the united states . he has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of american foreign policy . he goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism , when he always ranks the u.s. and israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now , and even in history . his distrust of any authority , benign or otherwise , is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the "" underdog , "" even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as al queda or hezbollah . yet since 1955 , hypocrite chomsky has worked for the "" overdog "" massachusetts institute of technology , which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of war and mass destruction , and continues to this very day . chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the united states and the jewish state . if he were not so attached to the freedom of making money , earning the adulation of the american left , and freedom to express himself , he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in north korea , iran , or syria . let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much , the united states of america . god bless america , which will continue to give chomsky the right to speak , teach , and make lots of money . raybo'
 ""building on the intuitive quickbooks pro interface and sql database , quickbooks premier enables firms to scale - merely by clicking on a button and paying the difference . this ensures no work is lost . there is a whole new menu dedicated to specific industries . while the estimate can have multiple options , when the customer places an order , the sales order function enables quickbooks to saddle up for the ride . it generates purchase orders with the click of a button , and when goods are received , keeps track of who it is for . invoices are generated from the sales order as well , and partial invoicing keeps track so i do n't leave money on the table . i use the email function all the time , sending pdf attachments and cc:g myself so there 's a time stamp . to address the problem of sharing large files , there is a new portable company file ( much like a zip file ) which compresses files for emailing . i have also grown to appreciate the online banking auto-reconciliation function - i log in to the bank every morning , and watch as transactions appear and then get matched with my books , leaving me only unreconciled transactions . quickbooks also enables integration with third party software - there is a legion of industry specific solutions that help with core business operations . with 2006 , quickbooks has moved from being a software to a business operations system""
 'you will probably read 50 / 50 from the reviews on this software . having used the older poser software.. . one thing i am a fan of is miki and terai yuki...japanese virtual beauties and if you are a fan of japanese styled video games and the character designs , the fact that e-frontier is now the company behind poser 6 , i \'m so stoked . granted , the software with bundles ( best to buy it bundled with other cool software ) , there is a free software out called daz3d . daz3d content creators make stuff for daz3d and poser and vice versa but no matter if you go with the free program or poser 6 , the result will be the same...expect to pay money for content . i highly recommend getting the book "" pratical poser 6 "" because it \'s very , very informative unlike the manual . next thing...before you buy...mosey down to daz3d.com , contentparadise.com , renderosity.com and ask yourself , can you afford to buy the content . content costs anywhere from free to over $100+. and the good stuff costs money...maybe not a lot but it does add up . the next thing to know is that after you buy the content , due to how the hair or clothing conforms to the body ( or how it \'s placed ) , they are not organized . to make matters worse is that the names that the creators have called their work are long that the window for the selections ( figure , pose , hair , prop , etc. ) can get cut off and so , it becomes a bit of a choir to go back and forth to certain folders . but i got used to it and the thing is ....all developers for the content are helpful . content paradise is a great place to buy your content as well as from the creators websites as well . there is a lot of trial and error and i wish there were more undos...because really , although there is an undo...you mess up...you ca n\'t just undo...you have to start over your from your save file ( and hopefully you saved ) . nevertheless , the stuff i was able to create in poser is wonderful . i will say that i have spent a lot not just on the poser and the bundle but the content . it adds up quickly ! ! ! so , consider the benefits for you . although i love the characters from daz3d and the ever popular foxhair , i \'m more a fan for poser but still expect to be buying content from dax3d for use of poser .'
 ""i used huggies pullups with my older child and started using them with my younger one . when they came out with dora on the easy ups and our grocery store had a huge dora display , my daughter had to use dora not the pullups which have the disney princess design which she is not that into ( i personally think the disney princesses are not a good choice for potty training age 2-3 year olds , i would assume that dora would be picked by more children that age ) . first off the smallest size they have is big for the average 2-3 year old . they did have a size 2t but from what i have seen it has been discountined . i do n't know if it is because they are a little big or the quality they do leak . i have never had a huggies pullup leak on me but these easy have on a regular basis . the design definetly got my daughter not wanting diapers and on the road to potty training but the leakage did n't make it easy for me . i would never use these for overnight use , pullups absorb so much better in an overnight situation . now if pampaers could make a better product or huggies could make a better design then i would be happy""
 'though these are the songs that make the mills brothers famous , they are not the original recordings that made these songs famous , and not necessarily sung by the same men that sang the originals ( certainly they are considerably older ) . these are ok , but they lack the punch and familiarity ( to a fan like myself ) of the originals . the title , though not actually misleading , leads one to believe you will be listening to the original songs- -they are not . i recommend only if you must have the complete set of mills brothers records'
 'worked fine for standard items . did not handle partnership issues completely . would be good to have a preview of the finished return before printed ( maybe this is possible , but i did not find this function ) . in general , an easy , straightforward program that gets the job done'
 'many words - few practical tips ! this book did not give much more ( -valuable - ) information than i already had found out by reading the manual delivered with my pocket computer . after reading the book i still had to search for web communities , where some of my questions could be answered . my expectations when buying the book were mainly focused on the need for practical hints concerning how to manage tasks , contacts and appointments . unfortunately , in my view , these important and basic issues were treated too superficially .'
 'you likely wo n\'t get the system performance improvement that is advertised unless you had a very "" messy "" system . but it does have a great antivirus and firewall , and if you like to be able to tweak hidden settings and know a bit more about what is going on "" behind the scenes "" , it \'s an okay product . but be very careful with the cleanup tool . it will delete some important files if you are not careful ! !'
 ""stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome""
 ""the devil 's backbone is a horror movie like you 've never seen before - a good and intelligent one. . it really is not a horror movie , however , but a story which involves ghosts ( or the past ) and how they fuel our present actions and decisions. . it is a strange and memorable film from spain which will make you think as much as it scares you. . worth seeing. .""
 'lovers of mr. rochester beware - in this , his second book of literary puzzles , john sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards , amongst other things , undoing the good reputation enjoyed by jane eyre\x1as brooding hero . bronte fans , brace yourself for some idol-smashing . as in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers ( the wonderful is heathcliff a murderer ? ) , sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of western literature\x1as most intriguing questions . though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions sutherland comes to ( we have to have a talk , he and i , about mr. rochester\x1as moral integrity ) as a writer he is always witty , as a thinker always innovative , and as a guide through literature\x1as most baffling conundrums , always genial . buy this book and i promise not only will you learn something ( and , if you\x1are anything like me , get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about jane eyre\x1as prospects for bliss , etc. ) - but you\x1all also have a heck of a lot of fun'
 'i read the good doctor \'s book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he \'s being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100% vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i \'ve been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i \'ve been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i \'m going to do 10 days and hoping for 14. i \'ve done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it \'s not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i \'ll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring . why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald \'s one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressants i \'m keeping dr. fuhrman \'s fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman \'s books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , "" you are responsible for your own health "" and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n\'t intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry . the last time i went to the dr. i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i \'d rather read a book'
 'i purchased the revlon facial steamer , this was my first purchase on line and i am very satisfied with the steamer and the service i received from amazon . the steamer is great i use it when i give myself a facial , i have not use the nail kit yet .'
 'sony continues to exhibit the highest quality in their product design and manufacturing process . this case is very slim , compact , well made , and has a very luxurious feel to it . it completely enhances the look and attractiveness of the sony camera it is designed to hold'
 ""okay , i am new to the world of stargazing . i purchased this telescope based on recommendations here at amazon.com . i have been completely satisfied . i am especially impressed with the clear , crisp viewing of the moon . i can see a few planets , but they are of course very small through the eyepiece . i do have a suggestion to anyone who may purchase this telescope . take your time putting it together . read all the directions first . pay special attention to the details concerning the collimator . if you do n't know what that is , you need to . i almsot made some major mistakes , screwing and unscrewing parts that needed to be left alone . if you pay attention to all of the details on the instructions , you will have the telescope together in a couple of hours and be well on your way to enjoying yourself , especially on a clear night . the package containing my telescope arrived in four days and was completely intact . i could n't be happier with my purchase . i am sure a more avid sky-watcher might want a little something more , but for the once-in-a-while gazer , this is the telescope . see ya next review .""
 ""i have a powerbook , an imac , and an emac at home that are used in different ways . the kids use the emac for school work , and my wife & i use the other 2 macs for home business . although most school work was required in ms-powerpoint or ms-word , exporting from iwork ' 06 pages and keynote was very simple to do with 90-95% accuracy . our kids said they just do minor editing at school before submitting the work . for home business , we use pages to do our proposals , bills , and receipts . and use keynote for presentations . one thing that i thought was amazing , is the fact that i can display the notes and the succeeding slide on my powerbook , while projecting just the current slide for the customer to see . for the price of the family pack , we were licensed to use iwork ' 06 on 5 macs on the same network . the cost fitted our budget perfectly . the only thing i wish was available in keynote was timed transition ( example : after 3 seconds show bullet#1 , after 5 seconds show bullet#2 , after 2 seconds show the chart""
 ""i have always been a fan of the star wars saga but never really read any of the novels . this was my first sw novel . i must say i want to be a sith . i just finished this novel last night and honestly want a 2nd coming . if u read the epilogue of this book u will grind your teeth ! the storyline at first felt familiar but then radically changed but had the sw ripple effects . i however got more excited because i played kotor / ep3 the game / kotor 2 and jedi academy so allot of the visuals and things in the book were already visualized for me in those games . i loved the entire transformation and how gradually even the sith were headed like the jedi in ep3. it an amazing story and ca n't wait to a sequel if any .""
 'nicely designed . , effecitve , close shave , very reasonable cost , but..could they tell you simply how to turn it on ? embarassed to admit , took me almost 15 minutes to figure out the on / off feature'
 ""i really wanted to give superman volume 3 a full 5 stars , but unfortunately the quality control of the dvd release is poor , hence the 1 star rating . the dvd set i purchased skipped at the green lantern episode . the replacement i got also skipped at the same place . in addition , the two-sided disc format with which all three dvd volumes have been released is a damage prone format . luckily i was able to get a full refund , but at this point i 'm not sure if or when i 'll try my chance at buying this set again . the lack of quality control is too bad , because volume 3 contains some of the best episodes of the whole series . if you are fortunate enough to get a dvd set free of defects , then you are really in for a treat . bruce timm and company bring the same high level of storytelling to superman as they did on batman : the animated series . of particular note is an ongoing subplot involving the villain darkseid throughout the series . it finally gets put front and center in several episodes of volume 3 , and leads straight to the very powerful and dramatic series finale . i felt that the finale could have been written out across three episodes instead of two due to the scale of the story , but nevertheless it is a great ending for a great series""
 'or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n\'t shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n\'t shut up and play a straight beat for once . it \'s like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they \'ve done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . "" let me lie to you "" is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song \'s framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it \'s less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it \'s a shame they did n\'t do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart'
 'like the new look but am having problems making the transition . jury still out'
 ""this model was given to me as a gift almost two years ago . i bought another off of amazon because the recharge cord had a short in it , and i figured i could use a second one to keep in my travel bag . i 'd have to say i 'm pretty pleased with the trimmer . i like the fact that the guard slides up and down to the appropriate setting instead of me having to keep up with 4 or 5 individual plastic guards that have to be changed out when i want to change the trimming depth . i use it a few times a week , and it seems that it can go for months without needing a charge . the little vacuum that sucks the trimmings into the little holding area is not the strongest....it 's catches probably 70% of what i trim . you 'll want to be sure you 're standing over a sink or towel when using it . well worth the $30 i spent for this grooming tool""
 'now my husband ca n\'t "" borrow "" my gasses and i never loose them . i have one of each color and get rave comments every time i take them off in front of strangers .'
 ""i 've been taking these for over 3 weeks. . i have not seen any new hair growth . i think that new hair that does grow will be stronger but this has not caused my hair to grow any faster . i would suggest just buying hair supplement vitamins from gnc or any other place you can find them . they are much less expensive""
 ""i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars""
 'i installed this unit in my basement about 6 months ago , and it has been working flawlessly ever since . things i noticed : if the power goes out , the unit will not turn back on automatically ( as some other units do . ) if you want to use the continuous drainage ( which i highly recommend ) via a hose , you have to punch out a plastic disc on the side of the unit . i would have designed a screw-type plug that was replacable , but they did n\'t think of that . anyway , once you punch the quarter-size disc out it \'s out forever . if you choose to use the continuous drainage feature , you will need to pick up a hose with an inner diameter of 15mm ( .59 "" or just over half an inch . ) i went to the local diy center and found some clear tubing that has worked well . the unit can operate down to 2-degrees c ( 36-degrees f ) , which will be great for continuous operation in the garage to keep the tools from rusting . has three fan settings : med , high and quiet . "" quiet "" really is quiet , and could probably work just fine in a bedroom . though , it does warm the room it \'s in . how much it warms it depends on the humidity setting . four settings : the humidty level ( humidstat ) can be set to "" continuous dehumidification "" ( which is the default setting ) , 50% , 60% and 70%. the fan will continue to run but the dehumidification processor will turn off when it reaches the selected humidity level . cool . i mean , that \'s when the fan will just blow room-temp air . a full drainage tank will stop the unit and illuminate a "" tank full "" indicator light . the unit is not that heavy - - maybe for some , but not nearly as heavy as some people make it sound . it \'s 30.8 pounds . according to the instructions : you will need at least 21 cm ( about 8 inches ) of clearance in front , behind and side to side . air blows out of the top of the unit , so you \'ll need to make sure it \'s clear as well . there are movable louvers on the top to direct the air straight up , 45-degrees or almost straight ahead . power consumption : cfm-25e is 220w / / cfm-40e is 330w i highly recommend this model dehumidifier'
 'it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened'
 ""do n't think dale can play a song the same way twice . did n't like the selection of songs nor the way they produced .""
 'everything i need to file my fed and state taxes . i did not expect the deduction pro to be included ; pleasely surprised . i have used taxcut for a few years now . i like the import of previous year tax data ( less typing ) . it seems h&r has an online version . it would be nice if their online version can import data from my purchased version . oh well , maybe next year'
 ""hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash .""
 'i bought this cd yesterday and i immediatly knew it was going to rock ! after hearing the title track , go ! , i knew this cd was going to be different then the spice girls cds. it is better . my favorite songs are never be the same again , ga ga , and goin down .'
 'this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan \'s "" blue "" has been heard before as has prince \'s "" a case of you . "" earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni \'s hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics .'
 ""this movie is not a war movie . it is not remotely related to history either . guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history . since when did american troops in ww ii carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers ? this depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement . enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell ? can we spell bushido ? mallick can't . now , if you like touchy , feely , not the real world aesthetique , have at it . the scenery and photography is quite good .""
 'you know the music industry is in decline when people are giving this single a perfect rating . run for cover'
 'this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film \'s mood . i \'m not sure when this "" score "" was "" written "" , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition \'s music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition .'
 ""this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself .""
 'miles vorkosigan \'s cunning plan is to court the widow ekaterin . unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision . miles is an idiot . mark vorkosigan \'s cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using "" butter bugs "" , a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance . [miles calls it "" bug vomit "" ] mark wants to help kareen kouldelka earn her way back to a beta colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments . ivan vorpatril \'s strait forward plan , [ivan is n\'t known for \' cunning \' , ] is to propose to the lady donna . lord dono has something to say about that . lord dono has a cunning plan . but who the heck is lord dono ? ? surround the whole story with the pending marriage of emperor gregor and the lady laisa , and the vor are dropping like flies on bug butter . this vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns , no threats of death , [well...not really.] it does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans . you \'ll suffer for miles , and then cheer at the inevitable outcome . ekaterin is no shrinking violet ! do n\'t mess with her ! a civil campaign is a terrific read ! [a previous reviewer commented on the cover \'s inaccuracy in depicting mile \'s stature . actually i believe the couple on the cover are meant to be emperor gregor and the lady laisa . it \'s their wedding after all . if that \'s the case then the cover would be okay.] shards of honor barrayar {hugo winner} the warriors apprentice the vor game {hugo winner} cetaganda brothers in arms borders of infinity mirror dance {hugo winner} memory komarr -a civil campaign - {this review} diplomatic immunity'
 'the fact that they call this premier is a little overdone . the reality is that this is the "" pro "" version with a few bells and whistles which in most cases do not warrant the additional price'
 ""i was like the previous reviewer . i had rented it and after watching it the first time , purchased it before i had even returned the rental ! i loved the content , it gives one hope and a small glimpse into what lies beyond our human experience . how lovely to know that there is a life we can barely imagine , waiting to be returned to . and i did n't learn this fact from the video , i have been studying this subject for many years and already believe , no i know , that there is more that lies beyond this brief stay on earth . this video illustrates it so beautifully with people who have had a glimpse into that wonderful place that is our true home . people who are dying yet unafraid as they are being shown what is yet to come . my own mother saw her mother as she died . she came to take her home . there is no specific religion addressed here , only the fact that there is more to life than living and dying . and that it is something to be totally unafraid of . in fact physical death is only the beginning of something great ; it is a step in the evolution of our souls""
 'please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard'
 ""of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot""
 'i do not understand why people are so waxing poetic about this album . there is nothing new or \' fresh \' or \' original \' or at all thought-brovoking about this music , unless you happen to be easily pleased by any simple pseudo-pop sound . i have only recently discovered the world of no-wave music , but i was introduced to it through artists like arab on radar and scissor girls . so when i tried out my first sonic youth album , i was way more than dissapointed . i do n\'t know how this can be classified as no-wave anymore . sure they show some trait in a few wailing off key guitars and an occasioinal shouted spoken word , but they are all only half-assed and are muddled up in cliche indie pop love tunes that have only been done in every other band . the most notable anything is the catchy medlody of becuz . it is really catchy , yet it managaes to be unique enough to rise above the typical "" catchy tunes "" ethos . xiu xiu \'s "" knife play "" would probably be considered more of a pop / no-wave sound that does not sacrifice the aggressive anti-music drive of no-wave.. . and still retain the emotional pop sinsibility . i do n\'t know. . all i know is that wasing machine is a letdown . it does not reach me artistically by a long shot . emotionally , i can think of am million other artists ( mars volta , emerson lake & palmer , clouddead , ulver , edvard greig ! ) who can put me on a much higher cloud and help me get in touch with the human condition . this however is far to cheezy , and i do n\'t know , but i think it reeks of that shallow indie fashion clique. .'
 'this is a straightforward description of reading and writing the arabic script . if you have no experience with arabic i think you would still need to locate a teacher or native speaker as some of the letters are very difficult to pronounce as native english speakers . however for the most part its easy to follow and would give you a great start , especially before you take an arabic course . if it came with a cassette with pronouciation i would have given it 5 stars'
 'do n\'t expect to receive this by christmas even though it says "" in stock "" . i ordered this on dec. 14th and just received word today , the 20th , that it is not expected to ship until the end of january , early february . so if you need it for a specific occasion , do n\'t count on it getting there in time'
 ""purchased a case of bally energy drink since i seemed a bit sluggish after a 12 hour work day and kept making excuses not to work out . gets me up and at em ' and no more excuses for not going for a long walk or trip to the gym ! drank 1 can in the morning @ 5:30 am and another around 3pm . give it a try""
 ""i had to put this review in because of the unfair one previously given . before i purchased this software , i checked out 5-6 of the major fish screensavers out their and this one is by far the most realistic , ( movement , background , lighting , and noise ) . i have two computers , one 800 mhz the other 1.4 ghz processor and the program runs perfect on both . the goldfish screensaver is just as impressive , if you 're into that kind of fish . do n't let other marine / freshwater screen savers fool you by advertising more fish and backgrounds , the quality in all aspects , especially 3d-graphics and color ( which are a must if your looking for realism ) , are poor . i personally thought i 'd like the extra fish and backgrounds ( turtles in particular ) in a competitors screen saver , so i purchased it instead of this one . after trying it , i was very disapointed and luckily i was able to receive a refund . i purchased marine aquariun and have never regretted it since . what 's great is they have a demo on their website your can try out too""
 ""800 , 000 images without keywords - the only useful parts of this collection are the classic and traditional .tif 's that you can take into illustrator and turn into vector . the high res images are n't , the clipart is less than microsoft office online quality and i 've gotten far more use out of a 50 , 000 image collection b / c they took the time to keyword and catagorize the collection . if you like to look thru a book and put in one of the 32 disks and then find the image - then this collection is for you . if you want to have any sort of search capabilites , look elsewhere""
 'is anyone else having issues with these discs ? when you first place the discs in the player , it skips over the main menus . then the "" menu "" button will only start and stop the episode selected , but it will not return you to the main menu . there is no spanish or portuguese dubbed audio on the discs ( despite what the menus and packaging claim ) and the episodes automatically play with spanish subtitles even when the subtitles are turned "" off . "" the only way to avoid this is to choose "" other "" subtitles with the remote . this appears to be an authoring issue , as i am using a two year-old sony dream system dvd player and have not had these issues with previous seasons . i \'m exchanging my discs immediately , but i have a feeling they might all be bad . anyone else hear about these issues'
 'lonestar did n\'t really surprise me with their 2001 effort . i \'m already there and not a day goes by suffers from "" amazed "" syndrome . amazed \'s 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every \' 80s heavy metal band power ballad . did they listen to monster ballads 2 too much while making this album in nashville ? i \'m already there comes off as very diane warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n\'t work for them . these songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this .'
 ""before using colorvision spyder2 my monitor was calibrated with the free adobe gamma program installed as part of adobe photoshop . my monitor looked great and the photos i printed looked great too . the colors were spot on . after using spyder2 express my monitor looks worse . my monitor appears dim , the color temperature is too warm and colors look green and dull . if i had known it was going to ruin my already great looking monitor i would n't have wasted my time . my hope was that it would make my monitor look better , not worse . i am not at all satisfied with this product would n't recommend buying it . instead try adobe gamma or look for other free monitor calibration software tools online""
 ""not a great deal of new insight here . i did learn a bit more than i knew , however , about meade 's failure to pursue at gettysburg . mr. boritt is the editor and author of one essay ; other essays are by four historians : stephen w . sears , mark e . neely , jr. , michael fellman , and john y . simon . ( alan j . jacob""
 'i must say my first reaction was to be surprised at how much better hawking is at explaining modern physics than my college instructors were . heisenberg \'s uncertainty principle was just an equation i learned . hawking made it seem like common sense . hawking tries a little too hard to be witty at times ( and punctuates all of his jokes with exclamation points ! just in case you missed them ! ) , but all-in-all , this was a quite readable account of what \'s presently known about cosmology . i use the term "" presently "" guardedly , as just recently there was some big finding about dark matter ( it exists ! ) , but from now on , when there are new findings in physics , i want hawking to explain them to me , because i feel like then i might understand them . that \'s why you should read this book . the reason you should not read this book is because you have no interest in wrestling with abstractions with which you will never interact in daily life , and would rather read about global warming or darfur or something a bit more topical and practical . this was still a hard read , and i feel like i grasped maybe 80% of it . for you to decide , but for a former engineering student , this was something i wish i had read when i was taking physics'
 ""it does a great job , i just tought it wound n't let any hair go , but i gess that 's impossible""
 ""i remember the first time i used wordperfect , and the first time i used microsoft word . i could n't imagine why anyone would choose the vastly inferior word over wordperfect . years passed , and now i find myself using ms word every day . i 'd been ground down by the thousands of word users who 'd picked it up along with powerpoint and excel , and who did n't have enough savvy to know how to convert documents from one format to another . wordperfect _always_ converted msword docs . msword never reciprocated . should n't that have told them which program had a mandate to make the customer 's life that much easier ? with each successive iteration , wordperfect introduced some new innovation , and in the next incarnation , microsoft aped it . it got to the point where users would nod appreciatively at the innovation , then wait the inevitable year-long interval for microsoft to catch up , and then they 'd buy that . well , due to an outrageously fair price point and multiuser license , i tried wordperfect x3 , and it was like coming home . it 's nothing short of amazing . i went out and bought a copy for my parents , and they love it , too . now my brother , an attorney , has asked me to buy him a copy , since so many of the federal prosecutors he works with have wordperfect only , and ca n't seem to open his word files . the more things change , the more they stay the same""
 'just like any other minidv tape . good pric'
 ""6.6 ultra is an extremely good cd / dvd burning suite . it even has an excellent schedule-able backup / restore utility that burns to disk . do not use the oem version - it 's like diet nero . and do not for any reason get nero 7.0. you have less than a 50% chance that it will work at all . ( i am speaking from experience here !""
 'i really really really really like allison moorer . have been a fan since her first record , have road-tripped to see her numerous times , and love her songwriting and singing . that said - - "" getting somewhere "" is by far the least satisfying of her records . no memorable songs . over-produced . no "" guts "" , as another reviewer said . when the allison moorer / doyle "" butch "" primm songwriting team called it quits ( in more ways than one ) , their lennon / mccartney-caliber teamwork was lost . not that moorer sounds like the beatles , but allison and butch complemented each other well when composing music . this cd is not only unmemorable but i doubt i would care to ever listen to it again . such a shame . i \'ve never had anything negative to say about allison in the 8 years i \'ve been a fan . but this cd left me cold . it hurts a bit to say this , but i cannot recommend this cd . the closest analogy i can think of that relates to how different this cd is from her earlier work is the b-story line from an episode of "" the larry sanders show "" . in that episode , sanders \' head writer phil ( played by wallace langham ) finally got himself a girlfriend and was happy . as a result he lost his edge . when he was a miserable person he was an edgy , cynical , funny jokewriter . when he was a happy person he stopped being the kind of funny that he needed to be to do his job . same with moorer . since her recent changes in her social life she has started "" singing a sweeter tune "" in her life , but it came with a cost . she does n\'t seem to be the same songwriter anymore and it was that "" other "" songwriter who was so good - - a little edgy , sad , sometimes bitter , or at least that \'s how i interpreted it . granted , that was n\'t her entire oeuvre , but it is what made her songs special for me . now she \'s happy and she might as well be writing songs for barney the dinosaur'
 ""thanks for office . i bought a new h / p desktop that only had a 60-day office trial - - and literally had to pay the price . thanks to you , i 'm glad i did n't have to pay full retail . installed like a charm - - downloading sure has gotten a heck of a lot smoother . bless your hearts""
 ""this is the classic original round stick old spice deodorant formula and now i realize that it is really dated . the formula has n't changed since its inception and you will know it when the alcohol starts to burn your underarms . if you want the great smell of old spice then just use the after shave and cologne , but stay away from the old stick deodorant . i 'll continue to use the old spice high endurance deodorants which have improved modern formulas & scents and work much much better .""
 'a vitamin is a vitamin but when you pay half price then you have something'
 'recieved product on time , and i wil for sure order from this company agai'
 ""the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ?""
 'the product did just what i wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . i had an earlier version of nero but it would not do this .'
 'this is a copy of the review on amazon.com for van zant \'s get right with the man which is another sony corrupted title . "" this cd secretly installs drm ( digital rights management ) software on your pc without your permission . not only does it do this , but the software then hides itself by installing as a "" root kit . "" as per wikipedia , - - root kit from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . a root kit is a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system . these tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . root kits are known to exist for a variety of operating systems such as linux , solaris and versions of microsoft windows . a rootkit typically hides logins , processes , files , and logs and may include software to intercept data from terminals , network connections , and the keyboard . in many sources , rootkits are counted as trojan horses . - - in this instance , sony installs drm software to copy protect their cd , and prevent it from being copied to various devices , all the while not telling you , the user , or letting you uninstall it because it hides itself from the user and windows . manually trying to uninstall it like some people have done , results in their cd-rom drives disappearing entirely from windows , as sony installs their own custom cd-rom drivers onto the system . do not support this wreckless kind of copy protection . show the music business this is *your* music . *you* purchased it , and they should *not* be able to dictate how you can use it . do not buy this cd . "" a list of affected titles can be found here : http : / / www.eff.org / deeplinks / archives / 004144.php and another part of an amazon.com review for the van zant cd "" amazon rocks . they pulled they infected cd \'s from sale and allowed these reviews that tell of the problems . shame on sony they not only messed with the consumers but also the artists . "" trey anastasio , shine ( columbia ) celine dion , on ne change pas ( epic ) neil diamond , 12 songs ( columbia ) our lady peace , healthy in paranoid times ( columbia ) chris botti , to love again ( columbia ) van zant , get right with the man ( columbia ) switchfoot , nothing is sound ( columbia ) the coral , the invisible invasion ( columbia ) acceptance , phantoms ( columbia ) susie suh , susie suh ( epic ) amerie , touch ( columbia ) life of agony , broken valley ( epic ) horace silver quintet , silver \'s blue ( epic legacy ) gerry mulligan , jeru ( columbia legacy ) dexter gordon , manhattan symphonie ( columbia legacy ) the bad plus , suspicious activity ( columbia ) the dead 60s , the dead 60s ( epic ) dion , the essential dion ( columbia legacy ) natasha bedingfield , unwritten ( epic ) ricky martin , life ( columbia ) ( labeled as xcp , but , oddly , our disc had no protection'
 ""i got a hold of a windows vista ultimate disk . it gave the choice to install home basic , home premium , business , or ultimate . i installed vista home basic , because i only have 512 mb of ram . likes : i like the new wallpapers and the way it looks . my documents and my music folder remind me of itunes . dislikes : do n't like that my less than 6 month old hp printer does n't work with vista and my usb net link cable does n't work with vista . when you install something screen slowly fades out and then a window comes up asking you if you want to run the program and trust it . it 's a little annoying because it forces you to stop what your doing and answer the question before you can continue . verdict : i like it , but the incompatibility issues are enough for me to want to stick with xp . i would n't buy home basic . if you really want vista , buy a new computer with vista preinstalled or install a trial version of vista to make sure everything works . i 'm going back to xp , until hp releases vista drivers for my printer . i 'll write reviews on home premium , business , and / or ultimate if i ever get more ram . my computer 2.8 ghz pentium d 512 mb ram 128 mb video car""
 ""i originally had to read this book for a history of rock and roll class at the university of cincinatti . i found the subject interesting , and the professor gave wonderful lectures . i had good expectations about this book going in , but those quickly soured as i read it . it seems correct , at least , about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock . not that such is a particularly daunting feet . however , it is rife with laughable fallacies . for instance , it calls david bowie , amongst other glam rock bands of the era , metal . it futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock , when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all , such as the carpenters . i really had a good laugh when they called bad religion hardcore . bad religion is about as hardcore as elvis is rap . further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book . i also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs . for instance , it claims ' thunder rolls ' by garth brooks is about domestic violence . its about infedility , not focusing on violence at all , but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on . the writing is also rather dry . many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence . it also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band 's successes or failures . after reading the book in completetion , i really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues ( 50s to 60s ) that i had thought were true . in the end , i felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything""
 ""has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones""
 ""i do n't understand the previous reviews - i found this recording positively dreadful , with ruthie henshall being the only one worth listening to . john sinclair is abominable as george - he sounds like he 's doing a ( bad ) imitation of michael crawford in & quot ; hello , dolly . &quot ; he does strange things to his words - i guess he 's trying not to sound british , but why is he singing & quot ; summ-ar weath-ar&quot ; instead of & quot ; summer weather&quot ; ? the ilona is a bass - almost literally . & quot ; i resolve&quot ; has been lowered for her , and yet she still cannot master the range of the song . to accomodate her , the second part of & quot ; i do n't know his name&quot ; has a truly odd key change . were she remotely talented i could understand key changes to facilitate her singing , but she 's not worth it . the orchestrations are odd , too , with strange sleigh bell sounds appearing frequently . the rest of the singers range from fair ( kodaly - a pretty voice but not much expression ) to bad ( mr. maraczek drags down every single note of & quot ; days gone by . &quot ; luckily this is his only song . ) the broadway revival , to my ear , still has the best voices , except , of course , that barbara cook ( the original ) outshines diane fratantoni , who is merely good ( but who was a vast improvement over the roundabout 's original amalia , the annoying judy kuhn . ) get the original or revival recordings instead - this london version i would recommend only to die-hard she loves me fans , or masochists . i 'd rather sit through another terrible viewing of & quot ; you 've got mail&quot ; than listen to this again""
 'money has built in value for the none accoundant person . with little or no training a novice can become familar with this software in a very short time . microsoft has a winner'
 'when it comes to big star \'s 70 \'s output , you can call me a hopeless fanboy , because after listening to in space , it seems that only a hopeless fanboy would think that thirty-some-years later , exactly one-half of the classic big star lineup could- --or in forever difficult alex chilton \'s case , would be so inclined- --to attempt to recapture the lightning-in-a-bottle transcedent pop magic that made those 70s discs so great . this disc has way more in common with chilton \'s oft-times difficult , mostly self-indulgent solo work than with any of big star \'s previous fascinating pop near-perfection . while i \'ll admit that i have enjoyed a good chunk of chilton \'s solo work , ( in a slightly guilty , rolling-my-eyes , "" oh...that alex ! "" sorta way.. . ) my musical sensibilities are somehow offended by the fact that this group and that this particular collection of songs are presented as "" big star . "" in space is connected musically to the original big star by little more than the fact that two of the same guys in this band were in that band . if you do n\'t expect much , you wo n\'t be disappointed .'
 'although many reviewers did n\'t like the second part of the "" hills "" , i still would n\'t call it "" one of the worst sequels ever "" or "" the worst wes craven film "" . certainly this is not a masterpiece , even in the framework of horror genre , but i do n\'t see why it should be worse than any other slasher flick . when i was watching it , i came to a conclusion early wes craven had been imitating other directors rather often . i \'m not saying he was not original at all - eventually he shot "" a nightmare on elm street "" in 1984. but "" the hills have eyes "" were reminiscent of "" texas chainsaw massacre "" , and in the beginning of 80s , when slasher era started , i guess craven decided to make something in the same manner . maybe the reason was craven \'s long-time buddy sean cunningham created "" friday the 13th "" in 1980 , and wes was envious ? : ) anyway the second part of "" the hills have eyes "" turned out to be a pure slasher like many others at that time . and it obviously was n\'t the worst and in many ways was like above mentioned "" friday the 13th "" : the score was written by harry manfredini , known to every "" friday "" fan , and the music in "" hills 2 "" is just like in early "" fridays "" . the body count increased comparing to the first part and approached a regular slasher movie . kevin blair who had a leading male part here , would star in "" friday the 13th part vii "" a couple of years later along with kane hodder , who did stunts for "" the hills have eyes 2 "" and in "" friday "" would play you know whom . of course here we can see some stupidities as in other slasher movies ( like characters wandering in night all alone instead of sticking together , all the big strong guys get killed , and a handicapped girl survives - i \'m not even considering it as a spoiler for it is obvious from the very beginning , especially if you \'ve seen a couple of horror films in your life ) , but is that a problem for a true horror fan ? we \'ve learned not to take this trivia into account . so i think "" the hills have eyes 2 "" managed on many levels , and it would be interesting to have it in your collection , if you have the first one . for they are two totally different films talking about the subgenres of horror .'
 ""i have had several digital cameras and this tops them all ! ! ! ! everything they say about it , is true . i love not even having to think about batteries , i did n't believe what people said about the battery life , and i was just happy i did n't need to think about batteries , but i just got married and my 13 year old daughter took more than 100 pictures with this camera and her pictures are almost as good as the photographer i hired and yes the camera battery lasted all day and thru the next 4 days on our honeymoon with another 200 pictures taken , no low battery light ! ! ! ! ! i even going to buy my parents one . also , one more note i love how fast you can take pictures , no wait 4 seconds between shots . i had a kodak digital before only 1 1 / 2 years old and hated it , i hated the download procedure , it did n't put your pictures onto your hard drive , but in it 's own little cubbyhole and trying to attach them to your email was absolutely a nightmare , you 'd have to identify the picture copy it to your desktop , remember what you called it and then attach it your email . this is the main reason why i purchased this camera . i will never own anything else , especially a kodak .""
 'i read all 33 of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate . there were so many brilliant things said about the film , that i found myself passing out "" helpful "" votes ( to both positive & blisteringly negative reviews ) like they were candy . the movie is an evocative work of art . i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view . i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers , but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned . the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers , a sort of "" blue lagoon "" from the renaissance . it is not . it is misleading . i concede a ) the story is probably not historically accurate , b ) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition , & c ) tossi was probably inconsiderate , conceited , and immoral . but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters . having said that , i do object that the movie , according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available , is not just inaccurate , but oppositional to what probably occurred . therefore , i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person . the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional ( or incorrect ) causal factors . and those cause-effect relationships do n\'t seem to ring true . having said that , i agree with some of richard burt \'s review comments that "" historical accuracy "" may still be subject to interpretation . it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial ( defending her freedom and reputation ) than she might have been with tassi personally . and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done . there is usually more complexity and diverse / conflicting interests in most people , especially artists . one strong objection - near the end of the film , artemisia says , "" no one dies of sorrow . "" while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment , the line frustrated me . people do die of sorrow . my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest , most sensitive , artistic , and caring people i \'ve encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow . and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow . not selfish , controlling , or passive-aggressive sorrow , but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified & misunderstood misconceptions . sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit , character , the soul , & creativity . sorrow is not incidental . sorrow can destroy health . or as the angel of america in "" angels in america "" says , "" the body is the garden of the soul . "" sorrow is worth full attention . the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia \'s loyalties to her father and her teacher . the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply "" good "" or "" bad "" ; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia . her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression . they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts . at the same time , they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices , privacy , and pacing beyond her desired level of influence . artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father \'s drive and design . at the same time , she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society . may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find . and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties . compare caravaggio \'s "" judith beheading holofernes "" to artemisia \'s version of the same painting . her version is more violent , realistic ( less idealized in posing , dirtiness , lighting , etc. ) . her version has the female servant actively helping judith . artemisia \'s paintings show a palpable understanding of hate , violence , sexuality & compassion . artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best . that \'s why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions'
 ""( david 1930 's mobster ) ...... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935. there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster )""
 ""i 'm a black male and everytime i would shave normally i would get irritated skin and ingrown hairs . at first i 'd feel a little itch throughout the day and by the end of the day i 'd see these tiny little bumps with white heads ( about 10-20 of them ) . that was before . now after i apply the product i do n't have the itch nor do the tiny bumps come up anymore . it just feels like i never had any hair on my face in the first place . the only bad thing about this product is that it burns slightly but i do n't really care i mean it 's not like the product claims to be painless .""
 ""i love this turban . it enables me to dry my hair without wearing a huge towel on my head . it 's lightweight and extremely absorbant . i have been using one for more than 5 years . i 'll never go back to usung a regular towel for my hair""
 'i use three razors . last year \'s model of this braun , a triple blade rotary from the leading manufacturer of rotary razors and standard double edged disposables from the major manufacturer of razors . ok , now , let \'s do some math . i get 10 great shaves from a disposable razor . i pay , on average , 40c or so for a disposable razor . that is about a nickel a shave including the shave cream . at a nickel a shave , it would take 3000 shaves before i would spend $150. would take me over 8 years . now , anyone that says any electric razor shaves better than a double edged high quality blade razor ( not even the expensive triple edged ones , just cheap disposables ) is dreaming . the blace does a much better job and much faster . but , sometimes , they can irritate the skin , but electrics can too . i can get irritated by both , sooooo , i rotate between them , and find that reduces my skin irritation problem quite well . i bought this braun ( last year \'s model ) after reading the positive reviews here , and later bought a rotary razor . the basic difference is that the cheap model rotary from that major manufacturer is much quieter , shaves just as well , and cost me about 1 / 3 the price . the only thing that is better in the braun is the battery lasts longer . it is possible also , that in some cases , it gives a slightly closer shave than the rotary , but it also tends to miss spots no matter how many times i go over them . the braun also has a problem with my beard when it is longer , like when i have two to three days growth . the rotary and disposable razor breeze through that three day bush . the cleaning machine / charger that comes with the braun is a joke . yes , it cleans the razor great , but it is way oversized and you need a large space for it in your bathroom . even then , say you have that larger space , you can pay between $5.00 and $8.00 each for the cleaning cartridges . i have found they last about a month before drying out . add $60 to your annual cost to just clean your razor . the rotary cleans fine with a brush and the disposable razors with water . finally , the switch that turns on the razor is right where you hold the razor and it also locks the blade . so i am constantly locking the blade position by accident . inexcusable design flaw in a razor this price . do n\'t get me wrong . this razor shaves fine . it works best on short beards and works better than cheap razors . but for $50 you can get a better rotary razor and for $150 you can shave for over 8 years with a disposable twin blade . does the price difference sound rational to you ? if it does , click "" proceed to order ""'
 ""do n't get me wrong with the 2 stars some songs here are really good . traffic ur adagio for strings nyana those songs are just great and the best off the album . but songs like walking on clouds sweet misery love comes again forever today can only be enjoyed so little times but they are good though . no song here is annoying in the beginning and i see a lot of 5 stars and either they are just suckers for dj tiesto or they wrote the review as soon as they got it . cause after months of having this you will see yourself skipping to songs just to hear the good stuff . dj tiesto shows he does a good job working with vocals but for a number 1 dj i expect to be hearing his stuff for a long time before getting annoying verdict : 2.8 out of 5.0 not bad for the first 20 listens but damn i could have enjoyed it much more""
 ""a film that 's a little like trying to find your way out of a house of mirrors or an attempt to reassemble an image once it has been split by a prism . since nothing is as it seems , we may as well be inside a fictionalized world ; like the unicorn story the main character , cathryn , is writing . this fantasy is read aloud throughout the film creating a framework whose only relevance to the story unfolding , is to reassure us that we have stepped into a world that is a creation of the imagination ; however , the fact that is comes from the mind of a schizophrenic is hardly reassuring . a glance at the cast of characters hints that they are not necessarily who or what they seem ( hugh is played by rene , rene is played by marcel who is played by hugh . cathryn is played by susannah and susannah plays cathryn ) . insanity is not an ordering principle of the mind , but rather a vain attempt to put order to an ever-changing palette of images that may or may not be reflections of images within the mind instead of outside . a very atmospheric film made more so by the disturbing score that is not altogether in sync with the action , another technique that constantly keeps the viewer off balance""
 ""ok , first of all oct fri the 13th i finally saw this movie in 3d , sigh i can die happy ! ok this one is really pretty awesome . chris plays a great leading girl ( the only f-13 leadi didnt want to see with an axe in her skull ) . the other characters are pretty harmless too . wev'e got bikers ( snort ) , pothead hippies , a fro 'd chubster and a dude who can walks on his hands better than he can act . plus this came out in the early 80 's so the ratings board didnt demolish all the awesome gore scenes . i give this one a high-5 ! cool deaths , funny scenes and aside from chris 's sherbert pants , some decent 80 's fashion too . yo debbie , i want your bikini , too cuuute .""
 'this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money'
 'i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands'
 ""it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product""
 'its a great gps once its starts and detects the satellites ( sometimes it can take up to 5 mins ) . i used it with iguidance and that software is the whole world of difference . i can actually hear what the direction are saying vs the software that came with the gps unit ( robotic sounds , need to subtitle that for me please ! )'
 'john waters is a very brilliant and odd film director . he brings camp , trash , filth , humor and morality to all of his movies , pushes peoples buttons , goes farther than most dare ( and then some ) isnt afraid of being censored and does what he does and to me thats brillance . true alot of people will think his work is tasteless stupid and gross but thats the whole point ! lol ! people who dont have a sense of humor or who are not open minded will not like his movies . these are not for right wing conservatives but they should see them ( especially a dirty shame ) to broaden their minds a little more . my personal favorites are pink flamingos , a dirty shame , female trouble , polyester and desperate living . serial mom is also a fav but not in this collection . he has come from underground trash to queen of filth , trash and crudeness and for not being afraid of being bold , outlandish , outspoken and bizzar , i applaud you john waters . brillant'
 'robin gibb has one of the most distinctive voices of the 1960s . with the bee gees or as a solo artist he has enough hits to make his own live show . however , in this live recording he chooses to recreate mostly bee gees hits on which he had a secondary role on their famous three part harmonies . thus he needs the help of another lead singer , chorus and the neue philharmonie frankfurt orchestra . but everything goes wrong here : robin \'s voice remains buried among a real bulk of unmixed music ; the lead singer ( no list of credits ) is a poor substitute to barry gibb \'s famous falsetto ; the female voices are not very inspired , to say the least ; while the orchestra is frequently out of tune and noisy ( the winds on juliet are really unbearable ) . post-production seems to be non-existent and the overall sound is chaotic . lines notes by experts andrew mon hughes and ann grootjans are interesting and illustrative , but they seem to belong to another album . the message from robin gibb seems to be clear : "" i can do it all by myself "" . well , he cannot . he should re listen to one night only ( 1998 ) and check for sound , harmonies and production'
 ""this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie""
 ""the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ?""
 ""i 'm a wiccan who formally practices within a traditional gardnerian coven , but practices eclectically within my private practice . i read this book because i had heard that it was recommended to my local library by a christian ; purportedly , wicca 's charm was written by an impartial writer . immediately , you realize that this is n't true . catherine sanders has a clearly stated agenda : that wiccans are simply misguided and misunderstand that what they long for is offered by christianity . i could write a long review debating the merits of sanders ' arguments . instead , i suggest that you consider this if deciding whether to read this book which sanders claims to have thoroughly researched . she relies on the writings of margot adler , carol christ , starhawk and phyllis curott ( with barely a nod to scott cunningham and ronald hutton ) to draw many of her conclusions . yet , missing from her notes are such writers as the farrars , merlin stone , raymond buckland , isaac bonewits , patricia crowley , and the matthews , to name just a few outstanding contributors to neopaganism 's base of knowledge . too often , sanders relies on the statements of young wiccans she interviewed who come across as silly and naive . in another case , she bases her thesis that women 's spirituality ( e.g. , goddess worship ) is misguided and that christianity fits the same spiritual needs that women are seeking via one speech that she heard margot adler give shortly after 9 / 11. sanders requests both christians and neopagans to read her book with an open mind . a fair request . but as you 're reading , closely check out her endnotes and analyze for yourself if this book was truly researched with objectivity in mind , or whether sanders limited herself to sources that would support her belief that christianity has everything that a wiccan desires . one needs to go no further than to consider that as sanders attempts to persuade the reader that christianity has always embraced the value of women that not once does she analyze the epistles of paul .""
 ""the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is the number one best selling book in the galaxy for many reasons . one it is slightly cheaper than others , but most important is that it has the words'do n't panic ' written in bold letters on the cover . the story of the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy revolves around this remarkable book . this story strangely begins when the earth is destroyed by a vogon construction fleet clearing the way for a hyper space express way . the last earthman , arthur dent , is saved by his best friend ford prefect , who is actually an alien that comed from a small palnet somewhere in the vecinity of betelgeuse . they are soon thrown out of an air lack and rescued by the heart of gold using the infinate improbability drive . inside they meet up with zaphod beeblebrox , the two headed , three armed president of the galaxy , trillian , an earthwoman who arthur failed to pick up and wnt with zaphod , and marvin , a parinoid android . this book tells of there amazing adventures throughought the galaxy . these adventures involve mice , an abandonded planet , a rather suprised sperm whale , and the number 42. i loved this book for many reasons . one reason is that it is filled with unexpected humor . another is that it gives a good spin on life . i could always count on this book to cheer me up . do n't just stop with this book there are many others in this series .""
 'this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program'
 'the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof .'
 'i have to admit , i expected a lot more from mr setzer . the first track was ok , then it proceeded to go down hill from there . not much rockabilly happening , then it all comes clear with "" really rockabilly "" when he slags off all his traditional rockabilly fans...world wide . he even gives us aussies a serv , even though i do n\'t think he has ever set foot here . if brian wants to turn his back on rockabilly and try swing , jazz , rock or whatever , then go ahead , but why slag your old fans ? . it \'s the last time i buy one of his cds without listening to it first'
 'this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped'
 ""this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner .""
 ""this was by far the best genero / kenzie novel of the series . i loved this book . everything about it . in this one , you really got to see the emotional side of bubba . made him more likeable . the storyline kept me riveted and not wanting to put the book down . i was happy to see angie and patrick back together . the ending was very good and left you thinking the character could possibly come back in a future book . i 'm scratching my head wondering why this was the last book of the series and why lehane has n't published another . it 's been 5 years . i will be watching for it""
 ""this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !""
 ""with someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome . why dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of shakespeare 's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me . it 's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally . if you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like wiley 's , chemistry - concepts and problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple , straightforward manner . for anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school 's curriculum is just absurd""
 ""periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans""
 'why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .'
 ""it 's a decent album but she seems to copy riffs a bit on this album . mother mother definitly rips of stairway to heaven from stairway 's ending vocals riff . ( and as we wind on down the road. . ) does she give zep credit on that ? now that rockstar supernova has used the song twice it has brought mother , mother back to life a bit but that riff rip just annoys me . good female yell and complain song but i just ca n't get past that riff rip""
 'i say the scale is pretty good and accurate but the fat % keep changing different % in the morning and night , like in the morning i got 30.2% and at night it say i got 25.8%. i dont really trust the fat % but the pound is very accurate . for the price i would rather get something cheaper'
 'this dvd is way cool with a buch of sport themed episodes . first scooby and the gang help a baseball hero break a home run record , but the ghost of cab crag is n\'t too happy about having his record broken . then they compete in a off road race with a giant worm as a competitor - and what \'s with the worm worshipers -i mean they go like whoo "" a giant worm is our god , whoo we hate cars "" . then they go to the bocephus wrestling facility . could they come up with a better name than bocephus ? there \'s a really freaky creature which may scare your little sister . the last episode is , by far , the best . a hockey ghost is terrorizing the world cup hockey event . he \'s one of the toughest ghosts ever , either that , or the russian police are the biggest whimps ever ! i think this dvd is a good buy if you are a scooby fan , just be prepared , it can get a little goofy . joey'
 'my hair is very wavy and frizzy , i have to condition my hair every day so it does n\'t look dry and damaged . 2 weeks ago i got my hair cut , the stylist used a sedu straightener on me . wow ! suddenly , my hair was stick straight and super glossy ( really brought out the natural highlights ) . i bought one from him for $199 ( should have checked the internet first ) . i \'ve tried a cheap flat iron before ; after wrestling with it for 40 minutes and pulling the heck out of my hair , all i got was slightly "" pressed "" hair . the sedu iron has super smooth ionic plates , so it glides through your hair very easily , quickly and smoothly . no more pulling of my hair . i can give myself smooth , gorgeous , in about 5 minutes . another plus is that the style will stay until the next time you wash your hair ; now i only have to straighten my hair every other day . sure , sedu is on the expensive side , but this salon-quality tool is more than worth it . look good and feel good every day !'
 'this is my favorite ghostface slbum . it has a geat vibe to the cd and you could not get sick of hearing it . check it out and you wont be dissapointed . rating a'
 'i took a class on sociology and law in college and my professor kept on referring to this book . i decided to see what he was talking about first hand and am glad i did ! this book is expertly written and thought provoking . this is kind of book that you take out and reference every once in a while . yes , it does get boring in some parts but i think that if you are in the legal profession or you just like history this is a book for you !'
 ""this video 's only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction . like all stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper form and technique . unfortunately , the aerobics portion is extremely boring and simple . you just walk in place the whole time with no interesting variations . if you are looking for a video for a beginner , this one might work for you if you are truly new to exercise and are really out of shape . although i consider myself a beginner when it comes to exercise , this video was too easy for me . i have n't exercised consistently in several years . however , i do have a moderately active lifestyle . i walk and hike on occassion and i play with my kids at the park- -that sort of thing . if you have trouble with everyday activities because you are out of shape , this would be a great place to start . if you are somewhat fit , this video might be too easy for you as well . you might also like this video if you feel like you have no coordination . there are no fancy moves at all . if you can walk , you can do this video . i like simple steps , but this was too simple . in general , though , i think you 'd be better off saving your money and taking a walk . spend your money on one of the other excellent stott videos that focuses exclusively on pilates""
 ""the fridays gang steals some diamonds . mike epps is not chris tucker no matter how hard he tries to be . his constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve . plus , everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that i do n't know where to begin . whatever you do do n't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on tbs or something""
 ""this program is dependable and adequate within the limits that it is avertised to do . for instance , it wo n't keep track of inventory , since it was not designed to do so""
 ""do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . they 're much more solid . one love . peace""
 ""i was having a problem with over-eating and eating when i was n't hungry and as a result , gained quite a bit of weight , and felt awful . i 've only been using this product for three days , but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up . i have n't felt jittery or shaky . i feel better than i have in months . i would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight""
 'i bought this based on reviews of "" bass queen in the mix . "" to me it sounds like the west coast edition of northern exposure without the 4 / 4 house beat . in other words , its very electronic sounding , almost completely non-vocal and not very funky at all . i listened to "" eargasm "" by plump dj \'s and icey \'s "" funky breaks "" after this and it \'s definitely missing variety , skill in mixing and that "" neck snapping "" funky quality that make the plumps and icey so indispensible . not too bad but not that interesting either . i prefer her "" mixtress "" and still have not heard "" bass queen.. . "" btw , my speakers are flat down to below 30 hz and i did n\'t find the recording quality or the bass that impressive . listen to crystal method \'s "" phd "" or "" block rockin \' beats "" by chemical brothers after this to see what i mean'
 ""this is a good package for backing up your pc . fairly intuitive , although it took me a couple tries to figure out what the software was doing so i could select the right stuff to backup . it uses good compression to minimize the amount of disk for your backup . the downside of that is you ca n't just select a file to restore , you must go through the restore process . you can select a single file , but it takes a bit of time . runs automatically and unobtrusively so it wo n't interfere with your current work .""
 ""bought 2 of these 3 years ago on qvc for my husband and myself . i was pregnant with my second son and going to get waxed at the nail shop , where it smelled like nail polish remover , was just too much for me at the time . we love these shavers and they work just as well today as they did 3 years ago ! i 'm not sure what the other reviewer is talking about , i get an incredibly close shave with this . to be honest , and maybe a little too personal , i have n't waxed my upper lip since , i only use this ! there is no stubble , no pain and great results ! i have dark hair , and if this in anyway made me look like i shaved , i would never use it ! i am buying 2 more for back up . i hope they never stop making these ! !""
 'i always have purchased caruso steam rollers but when i purchased their new ionic roller set it lasted i week and it was almost 3 times the money of the vidal sassoon . this is the best !'
 ""this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !""
 ""what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far !""
 'i got this bag for a samsung digimax i got for a friend , and is a very nice , and usefull bag , she can put there , the camera , her cell phone , replacement batteries , memory stick and some keys :'
 ""i 'm still waiting for poldark to make it across the pond . until then , i 'll satisfy myself with this fine work""
 ""i never really noticed the soundtrack when watching this show on television but i love the show so was a little surprised when purchasing the album that all the non sound bite tracks are american country music songs . ca n't say i 'm much of a fan of american country music so was just a bit disappointed . i think a great inclusion on this album though is the sound bites from all the leading housewife characters on this show and this alone is worth the price of the cd . was also disappointed that danny elfman 's desperate housewives theme is not a separate track and ridiculously has some hidden track attached to it . the desperate housewives theme goes for 0:44 seconds then you have a break of silence for a while but still on the same track before at 1:01 a terribly sung summary of the tv show mentioning wisteria lane over and over again follows for a minute and twenty seconds . what ligic was there in not making this a separate track ? you would then be able to memory it out on your stereo . i like listening to tv themes and i find this just ruins that track because you need to be near your stereo to press skip after 0:44 seconds . this cd is worth purchasing for the sound bites alone but i guess if you 're just buying it for the theme song you 'll have to wait for some other new tv theme compilation album to get the theme song on its own . this album also comes with an excellent cover insert booklet with lots of great pictures of characters and scenes from the show .""
 ""orange county as a movie tries to play it safe . the director tries to be in tow with what he believes is a good film . i must say for around 50% of the film i was laughing . jack black is truly my favourite character in the film . colin hanks , the lead actor , is a boring sophisticated person.he also plays black 's brother in the film . although jack black doesnt have a huge role in it , everytime he 's on the screen i seem to forget all the other characters around . i thought the scene in which he jumps into the swimming pool with just his under-shorts was funny . but i defintely feel there are some seven other scenes featuring this master of crazy comedy . i didnt find colin hanks ( in the film ) inspiration inspiring at all and think he should have gone to stanford.for the simple reason i believe he didnt have much enough at orange county to wait for.but then that 's a story flaw or story strength ( however you perceive it ) come to think of it colin hanks character was extremely realistic , polite and believable.now all the credit in the world to the director for this.however , it was the drugged jack black who really tries to get him into something . ive seen school of rock and i 'm sorry for i did not like it as much as i liked orange county.it 's the presence of jack black that does it for me.i 've seen the film 4 times which is probably why i ca n't stand hanks and his goodness . anyhow , forget all that , watch the film - rent it , steal it , buy it , download it....just give it a watch . cheers""
 'read the reviews and picked the elephant for my 17m old child \'s nusery . i absolutely love it . before this , my son could not sleep well with our "" family \'s "" humiifier because it was too noisy . within an hour of bringing this home , it was set up ( very easily ) and he took one of many 2 1 / 2 hour naps that week ! no filters , no noise , no problems thus far ! i did have it on high for the first 20 mins and found a puddle of water underneath , but the humidifier was near a window , and i am asumming there was a draft that may have directed the steam toward the dresser top . ( the problem was resolved once moved unto a different surfacetop ) filling it is a snap and the very fine mist ( looked like small stream of fog ) was a pleasure to see out of the trunk of the animal ! the tank seems to last longer than the box states . it is on it \'s third day on a low / med setting and it still only has a 3 inch difference at the top . i love the safety features and i do n\'t have to worry about the tank still on if it \'s empty since it has an automatic shut off ! the light is not a problem since he likes to have a tiny bit of light in his room . it is a design that will last thoughout his childhood ! thank you crane !'
 ""i in 1996 i bought and read all the pretty horses first . laughed myself off the train seat in to town . bought the whole lot and read them in chronological order - re-reading pretty horses on the way . along with scenes from the orchard keeper , sutree sticks in my mind - images ideas , flavours , jokes , and a personality that i 'd rather see more of . sutree made me feel that i know this man , and could even like him . great fun , and deserves selfish time to read and unwind after reading .""
 'ca n\'t really add much to the reviews . this is one of those albums that increases in listening value as it gets older . i \'ll admit that when this came out in \' 94 , i only bumped the singles . it did n\'t grab me at the time . sometime around \' 97 i gave it a spin and i \'ve been loving it ever since . there are plenty of bangers on the album , but classics like "" pour out a little liquor "" , "" str8 ballin \' "" , "" how long will they mourn me "" , cradle to the grave "" , and "" under pressure "" make this album worth owning all by themselves . the rest of the songs are on point too - - there is n\'t much filler on this album . the production is handled by warren g . & nate dogg ( 1 ) , the awesone yet underrated easy mo b ( 1 ) , johnny j ( 1 ) , jay & mopreme ( 1 ) , jay & syke ( 1 ) , stretch ( 1 ) , and thug music ( 4 ) . i \'d say that all contributing producers turned in dope tracks . the only tracks that i would call skip material are "" sh** do n\'t stop "" and "" do n\'t get it twisted "" . "" sh** do n\'t stop "" is probably the most lazily produced track on the whole album and the lyrics are unimpressive . the production is on "" do n\'t get it twisted "" cool , but it \'s one of those songs that you have to be in the mood for it ( in my opinion ) . volume 1 is a passionate , if at times misdirected , release from the thug life camp . the production is nothing short of vintage mid 90 \'s cali vibes . it holds up very well 13 years after its release . of course , if you \'re a tupac completist , you probably have this album already . but even if you \'re not a pac fan , this should be a part of your collection . r.i.p. tupac standout tracks : how long will they mourn me feat . nate dogg , pour out a little liquor , str8 ballin \' ( my favorite ) , cradle to the grave , under pressure , bury me a g feat . natasha walker ( of y.n.v. )'
 'your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi'
 'i ordered mine from here ( amazon marketplace ) a couple weeks ago , and i \'m a very happy camper . this is one of the best online purchases i \'ve made in a long , long time ! first of all , there are songs i \'ve never heard before , so by owning this compilation , it helps me get to know the band \'s material , or siobhan \'s own solo stuff much better . all the songs are very well-written and catchy . thanks to my best friend , he drew me toward \'s ss \'s music back in the 90 \'s with the "" hormonally yours "" cd . ss \'s music was always something i pushed to the "" back burner "" because i did n\'t know what to make of it . but in the past 2 years , i \'ve focused on the new material from the "" shakespears sister #3 "" album...and it blew me away ! siobhan is a true musical genius ! "" i do n\'t care "" seems to be a differnt version . it \'s much brighter & fresher-sounding than the album version . wow ! "" hello ( turn your radio on ) is my favorite "" ss "" song of all time & also appears to be a different version . just hearing the first notes from it , my eyes got all teary . it \'s just the way i am , regarding this song . the clock ticking at the end reminds me of a heartbeat or something . dark songs like this draw me near . lol the compilation is missing one song "" bitter pill "" . i wanted & hoped for this song to be released on the cd , but unfortunately it did n\'t make it . awwww ! the liner notes booklet is packed with all lyrics , cool photos and a fine page of background regarding the recordings of their albums . siobhan is one cool gal ! i love the front & back artwork , for it is both amusing , colorful & dramatic . i \'m a sucker for dramatic stuff like this . hopefully , siobhan will continue recording lots of new material , using the "" shakespears sister "" title . i despise the crap we hear on the radio nowadays . hopefully now that sf has released this package , the music will get more airplay . i like the nostalgic aspect of music from a decade ago , because it reminds us of how the music industry used to be non-commercial and fun . yes...it \'s too bad that siobhan and marcella broke up , because their 2 uniquely different voices complimented one another . there has n\'t been a duo like them since ! my thoughts on the dvd.. . i love it ! the first & only video clip i \'ve ever seen from "" ss "" is "" stay "" . totaly blew me away since the first time i saw it . i \'ve always loved seeing siobhan as "" death "" , in her starry crown & black "" glitzy "" outfit . she makes the perfect female version of "" death "" . i could never understand the video until now , because i never had the chance to see the entire thing on tv . the other videos are equally great and draw me closer each time . i appreciate the "" chaptered "" menu for the videos . at least i know what \'s from where . the dvd was put together very well , and is packed with great stuff . fortunately , my dvd player on the computer and the tv can play this all-region pal dvd . i have n\'t experienced any difficulties ( skipping tracks or anything ) . it all plays fine . actually , when i purchased this item online , the item description said "" ntsc format ( usa & canada ) ...so that \'s why i bought it . it may not apply to everyone \'s purchase , though . disc one ( cd ) : 01 - you \'re history 02 - heroine 03 - break my heart ( you really ) 04 - dirty mind 05 - waiting 06 - goodbye cruel world 07 - stay 08 - i do n\'t care 09 - hello ( turn your radio on ) 10 - i can drive 11 - excuse me john 12 - can u wait that long ? 13 - do i scare you ? 14 - white rabbit 15 - was it something i said ? disc two ( dvd ) : 01 - break my heart ( you really ) 02 - heroine 03 - run silent , run deep 04 - you \'re history 05 - dirty mind ( remix ) 06 - the russian film ( featuring dirty mind & heroine live in leningrad 1988 ) 07 - goodbye cruel world 08 - stay 09 - i do n\'t care 10 - catwoman ( live ) 11 - my 16th apology ( edit ) 12 - hello ( turn your radio on ) 13 - i can drive additional features / info : - biography ( same as on 1st page of linernotes booklet ) - photo gallery with audio ( music ) - credits ( for videos ) - cd total playing time ( 62:03 ) if you \'re an "" ss "" fan , this item is a must have ! regardless the price , it \'s definitely worth owning ! thank you , amazon , for making this item available through your marketplace'
 ""we just got this camera after much research . the camera is easy to use and we like it but frustrated that it does n't do some of what was advertised . for the most part tho for the price and all it is fine . just read all the directions and do n't be to disappointed if it does n't play your old 8 mm tapes and a few other things like that . i wrote to sony and they said that this model does n't do a few things . so main point here is read and read and know what it is . i liked the service we received thru amazon . no problems ther""
 'today is 3-19-07. this item is labeled as being purchased on 3-21-07. will i purchase another order on that date'
 'it was about time the spell kasey chambers originally cast on me wore off - i \'d become a huge fan of the captain and barricades & brickwalls , but there was all something a little nagging about even those two very good records . chambers , a unique betty boop squeak of a voice , was a lustrous presence in rootsy contexts , and the best moments of those records were snarky updates on an old form , but the worst moments were forgettable alt-country duldrums of patched together cliches . wayward angel , chambers \' third album , had some great songs on it , but its pop and country predictability overtook a good half of the album . carnival shows chambers at her weakest - sad girl anthems of generic empowerment about the rain , bad girl anthems of doin-wrong that sound about as risky as songs on the disney channel \'s afternoon lineup . "" light up a candle "" fakes its slinkiness and turns dull , "" surrender "" adds a dido production of drum machines and computer bleeps that do n\'t mask the song \'s epic ordinariness , ballads like "" dangerous "" limp along to their own generic lethargy . chambers is n\'t without charm - "" sign on the door "" and "" i got you now "" are impossible to not find fun - yet chambers worst instincts as a song writer threaten to take over even the good songs - "" hard road , "" a sad and moving movie-ready duet , borders on self-parody - lines like "" there \'s a heavy jacket / there \'s a heavy load / there \'s a weight on my shoulders / it \'s a hard road "" read like a laundry list of related lines from every sad and moving movie-ready song you \'ve ever heard'
 ""it 's amazing how a little common sense can turn into a million you know what's . as soon as i tried these i realized how much better they are than the usual throat lozenges . why ? because others cause you to suck on them , and this strains your throat muscles , which is bad . gummi lozenges , it 's genius . why did n't i think of it . then again , i did , but i did n't create airborne which is wonderful in itself . really , these lozengers are great . at night if you use one they just stay pretty much stuck to the side of your throat and you can fall asleep without even the thought that you could shallow it and choke . just remember how long it takes for a normal lozenge to disolve without bitting it ( even then ) . these go pretty quick , and without crewing ( which is the best way to use them ) . i myself try to always have them in the house . you should , and will do the same after you try them . also the price on amazon is the best . i 'm about to order 10 boxes ( would order more but for the shipping charge , which even with is still cheaper then target ) . maybe the owner should put me on the payroll .""
 'i love this show ! that said , i do not care for this version of it . the inclusion of the word "" concept "" in the title means it is just that . this was , thankfully , not the final version of the show that would later spawn the hit song , "" one night in bangkok "" . with most broadway musicals , the musical numbers tell the basic story of the show . if you listen to the recordings of phantom , mama mia , beauty and the beast , you can discern the basic storyline of the show . listening to this particular recording of chess , though , will leave you wondering "" what was that ? "" the broadway arrival of chess saw a much needed reworking of the storyline and arrangement of the musical numbers . this recording seems too much like a mish-mash of songs that do n\'t really relate to each other . for musical fanatics ( like myself ) , i say "" yes , you should have this recording in your collection "" , if only to understand how much work went into the show before it opened on broadway . if you are only buying the album because of "" one night in bangkok "" , purchase the broadway recording instead ; you \'ll be much happier with the performance by phillip casnoff rather than murray head'
 'the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition'
 ""never be sick again offers a major breakthrough in medical thinking regarding health and disease . i am a biochemist doing medical research at ucla . a friend gave me this book to read , and i was very skeptical . after reading it , i could n't stop thinking about what it was saying . i even lost sleep thinking about it . after many weeks , i have come to a conclusion - the author is right . there is only one disease and there are only two causes of disease - revolutionary ! once you understand this simple concept , it changes everything . if your mind is not closed to new ideas , the profound insights in this book will change your life for the better . it will give you the power to both prevent and reverse almost all disease . with this new understanding , from now on , i will approach my research in an entirely different way . c.l""
 ""i saw the scene , where they have lissa chained to the pool table and gagged in the basement.i did n't understand most of the movie . i bet kim possible , ron stoppabl , and rufus can deal with them""
 ""im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly , his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t . mcginly 's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world , he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days . i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast ( which included hacks like paul rudd ) was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work . please sean , stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff , leave that to idiots like capra , wenders , scorcese etc. they are not in your league .""
 'compared to the olive & aloe bar , this one seems to lather better'
 ""i ordered it because i have a couple friends that love it . well , i really do n't care for it . and now i ca n't find the return sticky label to return it and i 'm really bummed about that because it cost $55 ! ! maybe if you could help me with that , that would be great ! thanks beck""
 ""i am not a horror movie fan , in fact there are very few horror movies that have truly scared me , but this one indeed made me literally crap myself . i caught this movie during the midnight hours on ifc 2 years ago , and luckily the movie was just starting , so i got to see it from beginning to end . this movie is basically about a man named frank zito ( joe spinell ) who 's a psychotic serial killer who seeks pleasure by killing women , because he feels he 's getting back at his abusive mother who was also a prostitute . after her death frank feels alone , but cannot forget the mistreatment he received from her all those years . frank lives in a tiny apartment in new york city , in which he keeps several mannequins . he uses these mannequins by putting his victim 's bloody scalps , on it 's heads . when he spots a woman named anna ( caroline munro ) , a photographer in the park taking pictures he gains a sudden interest in her , but not the type of interest in which he wants to murder her , but kind of a romantic interest . he takes her out to dinner and buys her gifts , but will he change his mind about her , and make her become another one of his victims ? some of the scenes in this film are so incredibly gut-wrenching , especially the scene when he chases a nurse into a subway station , and she hides in a bathroom stall . i felt my heart pounding the whole entire time . the effects were realistic ( nice job tom savini ! ) , they do n't come close to todays , even though the movie was released in 1980. joe spinell plays this part so well that you might think he was for real , and not only that , but he physically looked the part too . the scenes where he 's in his apartment talking to his mannequins are some of the most creepiest scenes i have ever seen in a movie . i believe that this film is one of the most realistic horror films out there , because we get to see the results of how an alone , mistreated child might turn out . this is n't one of those lame zombie movies , it 's the real deal . if you like horror , and a lot of gore , and you have n't seen this then i recommend you watching this .""
 ""belushi 's crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite monty python 's michael palin as the manly captain ned in the miles cowperthwaite skits . they are both absent from this dvd nor on any snl video i can find .""
 ""melanie griffith , rachel leigh cook , and hugh dancy star in this straight-to-video film about one female transporter , who gets into trouble because of someone plotting against her . well , that 's all about it , apparently , but the film tries to give something unique to the otherwise unoriginal plot . i mean , the slightly original character of sarah by melanie griffth , who plays that smuggler in trouble . given a special job by malcom mcdowell with his customary ' i-could-be-very-baaaad ' smile , sarah agrees to carry a pack hidden in her bag . but as you know , someone also wants that package , and ... well , that 's nothing new , but she is attacked on the way . do n't expect any thriller , however . the film 's focus is not about that ; it is the relations about sarah and jack ( dancy ) who live together in a fancy paris apartment . but while sarah is away from paris on business , jack is attracted to a younger lady jenny ( cook ) who also falls for him . thus the film makes an effort to include both love and crime . nice try , considering this interesting point about the character of elder lady sarah , but if the factor is taken away from the film , the end result is nothing but a flat , tired suspence - - suspence as to its relations and its crimes alike . either way , the film is emotilnally very void . ok . two fatally bad things : one , too incredible characters . see , sarah is a professional courier who must know the rules of the job , which could be dangerous . but instead of renting a car ( and it 's europe , where that could be pretty easy ) , she takes a train ( and a night train ! ) in which she becomes an easy target . in this way , the film misses every chance to make it more suspenceful . when some character ( s ) must die , they die like characters in old video games - - they fall , that 's all . the other one ; acting . let me be honest . it was painful to watch the one-dimentional performance of melanie griffith , who was very good in ' another day in paradise . ' maybe she is not the greatest actor , but certainly she can act . but as far as ' tempo ' is concerned , no , i do n't think so . only the location of paris saves this film from utter forgettableness . forget about this one .""
 'as a tape measure , it does what it says it does . you press a button and the tape tightens around your body part . you wo n\'t have to worry about , "" did i hold the tape tigher last time ? "" as the tension is always the same for consistent measurements every time . the tape starts measurement at 2 "" since the tape casing holds the tape and that part measures around 2 inches . i think this tape is accurate plus-or-minus half-an-inch but it sure beats a regular tape measure since at least the button ensures that each time the tape wraps around you at the same tension level'
 'my experience with this software as well as the company has been extremely positive . i ordered this program a little over a month ago . when i first received it from amazon , i was amazed at the shear size of the program . it has a huge 1 , 300 page book with all the images and categories for easy reference . it also comes with 34 cds that are loaded with images . this software is truly the largest set of art i have ever seen ! dealing with nova development is as easy to use as their software ! when i first opened the box i was a little overwhelmed with the whole thing , so i called tech support . i may have waited a whole 20 seconds before i began speaking with a technician . they walked me through the install and how to use the clip art . they were professional and courteous . this software gets an a+ in my book ! .'
 ""i love this product . in combination with diet and exercise i have lost about 5 pounds , and i was n't heavy to begin with ( all i wanted to do was tone up ) . instead of taking the recommended dosage of 2 capsules twice a day , i am taking 1 twice a day . i figured i 'd take it slow before i get too jittery . but it definitely curbs my appetite . i literally eat half of my usual intake . it gives me energy without making me feel like i 'm wired and i have n't had any shaking hands . i only had headaches for the first 2 days i took this , but now they are completely gone . i will continue to take this even after i reach my goal weight . it 's a great product .""
 'i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people . it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we \'re supposed to care because we \'ve been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n\'t work for me . if i do n\'t care this far into the movie , it just wo n\'t happen . visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n\'t we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the "" size 2 women "" in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial . the chicago tribune called this film "" sleek and beautiful . "" i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers "" get "" that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse \'s nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying.. . well , that \'s a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n\'t it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n\'t sit through the film , i do n\'t care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful.. .'
 'i found the film , "" malice "" to be a very intriguing and interesting murder mystery . sure , there are a lot of twist \'s in the film , however , that is what i found to be very good about this film . especially the way these twist \'s were done . there will be no spoilers in this review . the film begin \'s with murders occuring in a small college town . andy safian ( bill pullman ) is a college dean who happens to be suspected of these killings . all circumstantial . moreover , he is having problems with his wife ( nicole kidman ) . something happens to her , and she blames andy for this . [to tell you would give away the film] it seems as if one of andy \'s old school friends is now a practicing surgeon ( alec baldwin ) . therefore she decides to leave him and sues both the medical facility that caused her such grief , and the doctor ( balwin ) in particular who caused this grief to her . but there is more to the story than meets the eye . there are several stories going on at once . first , you have a serial killer , secondly you have a distraught wife ( kidman ) blaming her ex-husband and his doctor friend for what has happened to her . but there is more to her than the viewer suspect\'s . i will leave this to you to discover . the film is better than the reviews warrant . it is a very suspenseful film full of twists . recommended !'
 ""david baldacci has a knack for writing fiction that sucks you in and holds you no matter what the story . part of the talent is to introduce interesting characters . this book is no exception . sara evans is a clerk working for a supreme court justice . she is quite close to another clerk ( michael fiske ) who works for a different judge . michael asks sara to marry him but sara really loves michael 's brother john , who sara has only seen once and never officially met . michael comes across an appeal that intrigues him ( to say exactly why would be a spoiler and it is only revealed very late in the book as to exactly what intrigued him ) so much that he pulls it out before it is filed and goes to visit the requestor . that happens to be a rufus harms who is serving a life sentence in an army prison for murdering a girl . when michael goes to see harms , practically all hell breaks loose and harms realizes he is in danger himself and some mysterious evil guys from the prison murder michael . apparently there was some secrets in harms appeal that some powerful unknown men do not want known . michael 's murder is investigated by his brother john ( an ex-cop who is now a defense lawyer for the lowest of the low criminals ) and he enlists the aid of sara who was close to michael and knows some things about michael . sara is instantly in love with john and the more they start investigating the more they put their lives at risk from the unknown powerful men . additionally , the police start to suspect john of the murder of his brother especially when he is named as the sole beneficiary of michael 's life insurance . meanwhile rufus harms has escaped prison from some of those men that tried to kill him . so we have tension throughout to see if rufus will survive as well as john and sara before the evil guys get them . there is a lot of good information about what goes on behind the scenes at the supreme court . a good rea""
 ""i 've tried many a serum , potion , lotion , cream.. . every over the counter fit-it on the market and none have had the wonderful effect that this has had ! i know , iknow.. . there are those out there who say the effect is fleeting , but i 've yet to see it""
 'this movie is intimate and special . some reviews say it is the story of obsession , of fetishism , of trivial things . however , this movie is the story of something special in a young teenage boy \'s life : his fantasy woman . the character malena rarely speaks throughout the movie , but we see her exactly how we are supposed to see her - through the eyes of an old man telling the story of himself in young "" love "" . this perspective makes her ideal and special , with few flaws , as a fantasy woman is to a young man . malena is instantly a likeable character , not awful and disgusting like those using her . we cannot forget that our narrator , renato , is not actually a teenage boy but an older man telling his own story . therefore , he is unreliable as a narrator . malena \'s sins are washed clean through his judgement , and we believe him when we see her victimized by the other women . however , renato has had years to think about everything , to contemplate what really happened to her . so , in the end , the people who use her are completely despicable , unable to garner any liking . of course , she is a victim , but she eventually falls into the gossip that others believe she is guilty of with the men . the movie does offer a hint that she could have escaped all of the problems : she is from another city and her husband , for most of the movie , is dead . yet , she chooses to not escape but to stay , and her fate is sealed . the music in the movie was nominated for best score in 2000 , and it is beautiful , emotional . it truly adds to the feeling of the movie . i would recommend this movie to anyone for the compelling story , emotion , and characters . you will never forget this movie .'
 'this is a great heating pad if you like heat . it ranges from low to hi with 4 settings in between . ( that is 6 settings ) especially nice is the loooooong cord . my old heating pad has like a 6 ft . cord and i always needed an extension cord for it . good purchase !'
 ""i like the main voice ( s ) and i like the music , but the voices are over powered by the music . if they turned up the voices a bit i think this would be a great album . this album does not sound like other albums i have so i 'm not sure what to compare it to .""
 'if you \'re looking for a good story with plenty of action and a great plot and you \'re not really concerned with the difference between so-so writing and good writing ( this book is so-so ) , then this is an excellent book . i couldnt put it down . i gauge the rating of a book by one thing ; am i able to truely come into the story ? i am able to do this if the writing and word usage is at or above a certain level . i was able to "" come into the story "" when i read this book and to me , that provides for a good read . bad writing can prevent this experience but i did n\'t think this book was too badly written'
 ""this works better than any other women 's shaver i 've ever used . it does give a close shave without irritating the skin""
 'eight years ago today was the day blondie \'s reunion album was released , and though it was great to see blondie back together , no exit just fell short on many levels . 2004 \'s the curse of blondie ( see my review also on amazon ) is a much better album and should have been their comeback . no exit wo n\'t exactly take you back to the hooks that made blondie famous . harry \'s lyrics are wonderful in "" double take , "" but the deadpan melody literally kills the song . fans were also not terribly waiting for jazz standards ( "" boom boom in the zoom zoom room "" ) or revamped demo tracks ( "" out in the streets "" ) , but the worst cut is the title song that includes a rap verse by coolio . both the band and coolio could have thought of something more productive to sing about . the music is n\'t catchy either . all is not lost with songs like "" night wind sent , "" and harry \'s own transformation in "" forgive and forget , plus who would dare argue blondie \'s potential to shake the pop world again when you hear "" maria . "" as the album \'s best track , "" maria "" is a wonderful reminder of how blondie , and debbie , can still create an infectious pop song that leaves a template on the mind'
 ""the casting here was excellent - ben stiller , elle macpherson , sarah jessica parker were all great . in fact , i am convinced that elle macpherson can act because of the 3 movies i have now seen her in , she plays decidedly different people in each one . she is perfectly cast as joe 's dream woman . i found eric schaeffer 's character the least appealing of the whole cast . some of the jokes here are wildly funny . the audience is never given a clue that the jane lindquist character is only getting involved with joe to indulge the fantasy world he had created of her . i thought it was odd that she enjoyed his voyeurism and then seemed honestly interested in him sexually , but was not interested in a relationship with him . earlier her character makes a statement that the world makes too much of the sexually charged days in the beginning of relationships , people move on after that part is over and that a lasting relationship is what she wants . that part did not make sense . this could have been improved by some better writing and better character development . the humor here is what makes this worth watching""
 'the massager is top heavy and very heavy and will not stay on your hand . you will go nuts trying to keep the straps / massager secure on your hand'
 ""i 'm about halfway thru this and trying to decide whether or not to sell it to a used bookstore without finishing . i kept thinking , maybe it 's me , maybe there 's something wrong with my attention span that i lose interest in these stories half way thru . they all seem too long , unfocussed . what they really feel like is novels that have been brutally hacked down to the maximum allowable length for short stories . the quality puzzles me because i 'm almost always happily surprised by the quality and variety of short sf i read in the zines . i have n't followed this anthology over the years , but this particular edition , imho , shows bad selection and worse editing""
 ""my husband is icelandic , and unfortunately this book was no help at all.. . it 's perfectly fine for the traveller , but in trying to live everyday life , conversing with new family members forget it . i would have liked to have seen a more comprehensive grammatical section , something that was laid out in something easy to look at and understand . if you are quite serious about learning this language i would honestly recommend saving the 20 bucks and buying the bit more expensive colloquial icelandic . for me at least , it 's quite easier to understand , has complete grammatical charts in the back , as well as a fairly decent dictionary.. . again , if you are only learning for business trips and such , then this would be a good option.. . for those of us actually moving there , her book is not so good. .""
 ""aside from the typical minor quarks , this is overall a good product . i 've been using turbo tax for many years and it seems to work for me""
 'the only good thing about this book is that it was short . even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country , gary hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again . ok , the monroe doctrine is important , i get it ! i read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and i cannot remember a book as bad as this . if you want a quick view of james monroe , you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that'
 'first , here are some general positives about jaci velasquez : - she is a very gifted singer . her vocal range is top-notch - definitely on par with mariah carey and christina aguilera . - she is beautiful . and unlike a previous reviewer , i do not consider the recognition of this attribute to be a sign of shallowness but rather a display of appreciation for feminine beauty . i like beautiful singing voices . i like beautiful women . there \'s no difference . - she has great spiritual depth . her music reflects key spiritual themes such as love , faith and joy . now , here \'s a critique of the cd : i listened to all the music samples ( as you can do as well ) and only one song caught my attention - "" lay it down "" . the other tracks have too much of a hard rock sound and were too experimental for my taste . but the song "" lay it down "" was different . it sounded more acoustic , more in the style of folk rock - a genre that reflects my personal preference in pop music . i found the sound clip of "" lay it down "" to be intriguing because it reminded me of a hit song in the 1970 \'s - eric carmen \'s "" all by myself "" , later covered by celine dion in 1996. "" all by myself "" is a ballad having a soft , understated introductory verse with an explosive chorus . the sample clip of "" lay it down "" appears to be in the same mold . it has a soft , understated introductory verse ; however , it seems to lack an explosive chorus . listen to the sample and hear it for yourself . the introductory verse is closing with the following lyrics : "" all of my hopes and my dreams and my best laid plans are slowly slipping through my folded hands "" so far , so good . there \'s only a piano and a violin accompanying jaci \'s soft vocals . next , the song appears to be moving from the verse to the chorus and you hear the following lyrics : "" so i \'m gonna lay it down i \'m gonna learn to trust you now "" now here \'s a problem . i am expecting to hear the beginning of an emotional outburst - an opportunity for a singer with the pipes of jaci velasquez to showcase her voice . but it is not forthcoming . why ? this intrigued me and i wanted to hear the whole song but i did not want to purchase a cd for only one song . luckily , i discovered that a compilation cd of jaci velasquez \'s best songs was released recently and it contained "" lay it down "" . great ! i bought the cd - "" on my knees : the best of jaci velasquez "" . this is what i discovered after listening to "" lay it down "" . - the first time through the verse and the chorus , the song is definitely understated . we simply have the accompaninment of a piano and a violin with jaci \'s soft vocals . - the second time through the verse and the chorus , a drum beat is introduced and jaci begins to let some emotion out beginning in the middle of the verse and when the song moves into the chorus a complete emotional outburst occurs . but somewhat to my dismay , this is not the same voice that i am expecting from jaci velasquez . her voice was more raspy and raw ( actually , it was sounding more like demi moore or tara reid , not that that is necessarily bad ) . furthermore , she appeared to be struggling . is this the same voice that was soaring effortlessly through the stratosphere on songs such as "" on my knees "" , "" speak for me "" , and "" adore "" ? is jaci velasquez losing her voice ? i do n\'t know but i find it very difficult to imagine that a young woman in her mid-20 \'s is losing her voice . she is entering her prime . barring a health issue , this just does n\'t happen . "" lay it down "" is actually a pretty good song . in fact , i am almost of the opinion that it may be her best . i certainly find myself listening to this song more than any of her others . "" lay it down "" has the same message as the beatles \' classic "" let it be "" . the words are different but both songs share the same sentiment . actually , now that i think of it...they do share a couple of words in common...the words "" let it be "" . here are the closing lyrics : "" i \'m gonna let it be , i \'m gonna let it go i \'m gonna lay it down "" the essential lesson being conveyed is learning to "" let go and let god "" - a profound spiritual insight . something that each of us here is learning . this song is heartfelt and gut-wrenching . and though her voice is struggling through it , the song , nevertheless , works out its magic . i gave this cd 2 stars because i think jaci velasquez is attempting to redefine her music style and has not succeeded . interestingly enough , her best sound was her first cd - un lugar celestial ( a heavenly place ) . bring back the spanish / flamenco guitar and develop a more acoustic sound . in my opinion , the acoustic sound is more spiritual . keep the piano and electric bass guitar but dispense with the hard rock electric guitar and synthesized sound effects . develop a latin folk rock sound with an element of jazz . hire a good saxophonist or a trumpet player . emphasize ballads . that should do the trick'
 'the item was exactly as expected . the packaging for shipment , along with the other item i ordered , was unacceptable . a child could have done better'
 ""i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done .""
 'released by atlantic five years after it appeared in australia , presumably to meet high demand for ac / dc \'s music , this international version of "" dirty deeds done dirt cheap "" is a farce . once again , somebody had the rather strange ideas of altering the song sequence , and replacing both "" r.i.p. ( rock in peace ) "" and "" jailbreak "" , two of the strongest numbers in the album \'s aussie version , with t.n.t. \'s "" rocker "" and "" love at first feel "" , an ok , if not spectacular song . ah , and "" problem child "" , already featured in atlantic \'s version of "" let there be rock "" , is also included in here . the same song in two different "" official albums "" . marvelous ! . oh yeah , and somebody hired hipgnosis in order to re-design the front and back covers . that was a cute detail , but the aussie version \'s covers ( classic mid 70 \'s cartoonish artwork ) are far more appealing . who \'s to blame for this rip off ? . somebody at atlantic records ? . some members of ac / dc ? . maybe both ? . who cares anyway ? . once again , now that i \'ve got used to the aussie album , listening back to this "" product "" feels worse than a hangover from consuming adulterated , low quality spirits . every enthusiastic record collector knows that both warner music and sony music are serious labels that took , and still take risks , by signing up cutting edge artists and by respecting their will . so , it seems that , with their approval of this re-issue , the surviving members of ac / dc are the ones to blame for this farce to go on , and on , and on ... if this is so ... well ... guys , we , the fans made you filthy rich . we deserve the "" real deal "" , available worldwide , at a "" reasonable price "" . i only give this "" product "" a 2 star rating , just because "" love at first feel "" remains unreleased in australia . how unusual ! . a final word about this re-issue : i do n\'t own it . in the words of pete townshend , i "" wo n\'t get fooled again "" . in order to get bonus material , you must go through an irritatingly cumbersome internet gimmick . if bon scott ( undisputedly the band \'s most uncompromising member ever ) , was still alive , i believe things would be different . by the way , if you are interested in the real stuff , please be so kind as to read my review of "" dirty deeds done dirt cheap "" ( import ) . other items to be avoided : the skimpy "" retrospective "" ep "" \' 74 jaibreak "" , and "" bonfire "" , a rather steep box set in which at least 6 songs are repeated twice , in different versions . none of these titles include all the songs left out by the adulteration of ac / dc \'s first four aussie albums'
 'suze orman is excellent in providing advise on all aspects of your financial present and future . it is full on tons of advise covering all avenues of your financial life . very helpful and resoruceful'
 ""first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing""
 'from what i gather , edward abbey has somewhat of a cult following . i had never read anything by the guy , never even heard of him before i got this book . i just thought i should point that out before going on . this book kept me reading , no doubt about that . it has it \'s downsides , but overall , i \'d reccomend it . not "" hey , you gotta read this right now , "" but it \'s good if you \'re looking for something a little different . this book kind of made me think . i \'m not the kind of guy who is always reading into a book trying to analyze every aspect of it . but i could n\'t help it with this story . i thought a lot of it was psychological , dealing with the main character , his thoughts , attitudes , and what made him tick . this is a fairly long book , but the actual story of the guy going back to his hometown is short . the plot alternates every chapter- - one about where he presently is , and then a memory , then where he is , then another memory , and so on . although it was an interesting way to write the book , i thought some of the memory sequences dragged a bit . but do n\'t get me wrong , overall i did enjoy them . if you \'re looking for something that might be able to fuel a couple of thoughts about life , this is a good bookt to pick up'
 ""the brood is the lightning in the bottle that director david cronenberg has never been able to duplicate . while all of his films definitely have his fingerprints all over them , the brood managed to rise to the top of all of his films . it is absolutely dripping in a sense of dispair and dread . there is a pervading coldness about it - such that you want to wrap up in something warm as you watch it - you want to watch it with the lights on because you 're very much afraid of what might be there if you turn off the lights . the film is a psychological thriller wrapped in a slasher flick . it warrants slasher status simply because of the sheer number of onscreen murders that take place . this is a very bloody film ! samantha eggar is nuts and in a weird clinic for people like her . she is being treated by a creepy oliver reed ( in one of his better performances ) . art hindle is her ex husband and he 's worried about how she is treating their young daughter . after a while that is the least of his worries , as these horribly disfigured and ( what the hell are they ? ) bizarre little children run around killing all the people that have really ticked off samantha eggar . i wo n't say more , because part of the horror in a cronenberg film is the pseudo-science that he get you to believe in . whereas cronenberg 's videodrome was weird , but not terribly good , the brood is one of the creepiest films i 've ever seen and a guilty pleasure ( can i really call it that ? ) that i choose to subject myself to every so often . really ! what are those things ?""
 ""i liked the book but you also have to consider the end killer.. . is that logical at all ? ? the senator is in his late fifties and so how old is his father ? if he had the senator when he was twenty he 'd have to be 77. is it really reasonable that he 's running around killing people , and setting houses on fire . it was a very unlikely twist to the end . it still was a good book""
 'i have three types of headlamps and i like this one the most . here is why : 1 ) it \'s cheap , 2 ) it runs a long time on three aaa batteries , and 3 ) the red light is awesome . you can use the red light and still keep your "" night vision "" . i use it to read in bed becasue it is not as visible or distracting to others as a white light . my only problem with it is that the knobs are a little confusing , even after two years of use . i often have to twist twice to get the right setting . and i \'m usually good at that stuff'
 ""i 'm not a mainstream beavis & butthead fan...the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular . i was there from the beginning . where the hell is frog baseball and burger world . i want to see burger wars ! ! ! ! there was a time when beavis did n't even talk he just laughed ( heh , heh , heh ) . fire....fire ! ! ! i want season 1 , 2 , 3. just release them as seasons....let us be the judge of what is good and what sucks . i want full episodes with videos included . every tv show is like this on dvd . why is this one different ? ! demand full episodes and full seasons ! ! !""
 'one at the front : the really own words of the master are excellent . one must make sure that only 43 sides of the only 7 x 5 inch small book are interviews with bruce lee . the rest consists of interviews with the former interviewers . however , as a paperback this book costs not really a fortune . but the words of the master are absolutely worth-while , as already mentioned at the beginning'
 'now , if we \'re being completely honest and true to the stats this album is killing the charts , but maybe just because people are lowering their standards . besides , the fact that i dont like this girl because she is just too rough around the edges , this cd is no "" dangerously in love "" . where beyonce \'s sultry vocals and powerhouse notes highlight her entire album , cole \'s raspy voice and sometime-y pitch concern me . aside from the obvious car banger "" i just want it to be over "" and the wildly popular "" love "" ( which cole butchers when singing live by the way ) , nothing here surprises me . like i said , you can call me a hater , but with women like beyonce and fantasia around cole \'s fire will probably be put out soon'
 'it \'s just like the hit tv show ! in fact they probably got the idea for the tv show from this movie . actually i thought it was more of a comedy than anything . i saw it on the "" we "" network . it \'s worth the price if you feel like buying it .'
 ""i have been using microsoft operating systems for a very long time , and , i still say that this is the best system out there , for many reasons . an increasing amount of linux and mac users have made the claim that they are more compatible with programs , and are less vulnerable to virus and hacks . in response to linux users - stay away from linux , linux is free for a reason . it is compatible with very very few programs as it is , and that number will only decrease . for gamers - rarley do i see a linux compatible game . just stay away from this system . for mac users - mac 's also have a lesser amount of compatible programs . fewer and fewer programs can run on them , and like linux , that number will only decrease . the only thing keeping macintosh alive is itunes . which is compatible with windows . besides , when direct x 10 comes out , it will only be available for windows , making macintosh 's un-usable for new games when the next windows os comes out ( microsoft vista ) . the computers are also generally more expensive than windows . btw - you can get viruses on mac 's""
 'i bought this cd only yesterday.the recording level is too low and i could not listen to the performance even with the volume cranked fully up.rather than going in for another high wattage amplifier i decided to return the cd ! !'
 'i love to read great books like brave new world by aldous huxley or far from the madding crowd by thomas hardy . i love the aeneid by virgil , the odyssey by homer . i read both long versions of les miserables and the hunchback of norte dame by victor hugo . i read the rise and fall of the roman empire by gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so . i love to read . but great expectations was a great disappointment ! i was somewhat amused until chapter ten where i felt the book became psycho-babble . i was also disappointed in tale of two cities . i could not endure the first two chapters ! dickens did a fine job on the christmas carol . but i will never read another of his books'
 'i \'ve always written how the american now compilations do not even come close to the british ones , and my opinion has not since changed . now 20 \'s track list , however , is solid and pretty good for the american series . it has mostly good rap songs ( which can be sometimes rare in this series ) , great rock songs , and not an overload of mediocrities . i \'ll go in depth . 1. missy elliott feat . ciara & fatman scoop - lose control...a a great rap song - missy elliott has a great style and her lyrics are actually understandable and enjoyable . ciara is a nice addition to the song . fatman scoop \'s random screaming in the background was n\'t essential , but it at least adds some energy to the track . the music \'s actually interesting and something different from everything else . 2. black eyed peas - do n\'t phunk with my heart...c+ their first album was stellar , and their second is as well . but this was one of the worst tracks on "" monkey business "" and did not deserve to become a single . annoying , but not horrible . 3. pussycat dolls feat . busta rhymes - do n\'t cha...a - a really good rap song - busta \'s rapping is a good addition to the song , making this radio remix better than the original on the pussycat dolls \' album , "" pcd "" . a dangerously catchy chorus elevates this song to a pretty high grade . 4. rihanna - pon de replay...b+ pretty catchy , and a good party song . but it gets pretty irritating after a while . and the "" dip it low and you pick it up slow "" from the first verse directly copies from christina milian \'s "" dip it low "" . that \'s so unoriginal , rihanna ! 5. ludacris feat . bobby valentino - pimpin \' all over the world...b good music , but it \'s not much without the video , which was , by the way , partly shot in africa . 6. bow wow feat . ciara - like you...b bow wow \'s returning to the rap scene was really unneeded , but ciara \'s chorus makes this song better than mediocre . 7. dem franchize boys feat . jermaine dupri , da brat & bow wow - i think they like me ( remix ) ...c this song does not deserve the publicity , and i \'m stunned why people like this . it \'s worse than mediocre , it \'s horribly irritating . and much of the song is bleeped out because the original is so dirty . rap just is n\'t rap when it \'s edited , and this song is proof . but even without the editing i do n\'t think this song has a chance . annoying "" yep "" s in the background and mediocre rapping...just skip it already . 8. destiny \'s child - cater 2u...b - mediocre for destiny \'s child . actually pretty boring . but they have great voices . 9. lyfe jennings - must be nice...c+ mediocre . 10. natasha bedingfield - these words...a a great "" new "" artist who actually found success with this song a year earlier the us . great songwriting about bad songwriting ( if that makes any sense at all ) and a good voice . now i \'m just wondering when her brother daniel \'s going to release another "" if you \'re not the one "" . 11. kelly clarkson - behind these hazel eyes...a - the only american idol who earned over twenty minutes of success , kelly \'s finding massive success with her second album , and for a reason - she \'s got an awesome voice , and pulls off rock quite well . this song was brutally murdered by the radio , but that \'s why i \'ve moved onto the remixes ( not on this album ) . 12. d.h.t. - listen to your heart ( unplugged version ) ...a though furios f.ez \'s hard trance remix of this song is a lot better than this unplugged piano version , this amazing cover of the roxette track deserved all the fame it got . edmee \'s got a fantastic voice and this is a perfect song for her . beautiful song also . 13. backstreet boys - just want you to know...a - the backstreet boys \' newest album must have been the #1 most unwanted comeback of all time ( let \'s just hope n*sync does n\'t follow...*cringe* justin timberlake ) , but this is their best song . and this comes from someone hard to impress by the backstreet boys , but they pull off this rock song pretty well . 14. click 5 - just the girl...a a really good rock song which many can relate to . 15. franz ferdinand - do you want to...b atonal , but franz ferdinand has a good reputation , so i \'ll let it slide . but this is definitely evidence of a sophomore slump . 16. weezer - beverly hills...a+ unfortunately it was flattened , torn apart , and buried alive by the radios , so i will review it as it was still last summer when i first heard it . this song is amazing and the chorus is way too catchy to believe . but i do n\'t need to write this , as most people already know . 17. fall out boy - sugar we \'re going down...a an amazing song , but it \'s only good if you can put up with songs where you ca n\'t understand what they \'re saying . seriously , it took approximately six times looking up the lyrics to actually realize what \'s being said here . but the music is great , and this song overall is a pretty good rock track . 18. lifehouse - you & me...a - an instant classic . 19. coldplay - fix you...a+ i \'ve read mixed reviews about this song , but personally , i think its amazing . following a vaguely similar buildup as led zeppelin \'s "" stairway to heaven "" , this song just keeps you listening until the end . the rockout part at the end is magical . 20. keith urban - you \'ll think of me...b it \'s somewhat annoying that keith \'s been on now albums consistently for a while but his songs are n\'t as popular as , say , gretchen wilson . i \'m starting to think keith \'s been put on these albums not for popular songs but just so a default country artist could be there . a good song , but it could \'ve been replaced with something better in the country department . so overall , this is a great selection of songs , some amazing , some decent , and some mediocre to bad . i \'d suggest you buy this , as it \'s a good list of tracks . overall , this album gets a b+.'
 ""seem 's to work very well cost was acceptable not a resource ho""
 ""the video editing capability is tough to deal with and not impressive when you figure it out . the tools are not explained and there is n't as much to do with it as they imply . may be nice for birthday party editing , i do n't know . i did n't like it . it 's not worth $100. the other capabilities might be nice , but from what i 've dealt with , that 's not the case""
 'season 1 of veronica mars took me by surprise , and i really enjoyed the ride . the second season , however , does n\'t live up to the quality of the first . instead of one large mystery , in season two viewers are treated to several smaller mysteries to solve . there \'s nothing wrong with that approach , but it seemed that as fast as one mystery skien got solved , another would pop right up without any resolution for the first . many episodes ended with my friends and i turning to one another and asking , "" is that it ? where \'s the rest of it ? "" this happened quite a bunch , with the child abuse investigation episode as perhaps the most jarring . are we really supposed to believe someone as determined as veronica would just pick up and call it quits because she gets a weird slap on the wrist ? that \'s totally out of character , yet we never see that family , the abused girl , or hear about the incident again . that type of confusion and weird plot points kept popping up . the "" major "" villain of the season comes out of left field to be the murderer , and his motivation for murder ends up being really weak and unbelievable . because of the all the loose ends , go-nowhere plots , and the surprise villain who was probably a surprise to the writers up until deadline , i \'m giving season 2 a 2 star rating . season 2 of veronica mars still has some funny dialogue , and some clever episodes , but it does n\'t deserve all the 4 and 5 star reviews i \'ve seen . i \'ll continue to watch , however , as veronica mars has a lot of promise . hopefully the producers can get things in gear for season 3'
 ""i agree with some of the negative reviews that the junie b . jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable . my son , who is a pretty sensitive boy , did n't like junie b . jones because he thought she was rude . i would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who , though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes , are generally nice people . we did love the magic tree house series , both for the adventure and the personalities of jack and annie""
 ""only way you are gonna like this music is if you are some depressed emo kid who listens to punk rock music just because it is punk , and you think that 'll make you cool . this cd just does n't display musical talent , maybe originality , but this is not high quality music""
 ""the creators of mia 's reading adventure would be better engaged creating movies and not children 's games . there is just way too much expository and not enough interaction to make this worth your child 's effort . if you 're looking to teach your pre-k / k child reading skills i 'd recommend the blue 's clues games instead . any older children would probably get as frustrated as mine did .""
 'if you think yer gonna puke everytime you have to suffer through a "" country "" song from nashville these days , and you happen to like classic rock , you would probably appreciate what shooter \'s trying to do here . folks , this is the real deal . i do n\'t mean real country or real rock - this is a hybrid - i mean he \'s making music that is honest and down to earth . a flash in the pan , he \'s not . he \'s going to be around for awhile'
 'collective soul had a few nice attempts toward pop music like dosage . the main problem i have with this album is none of the songs are hits so no airwaves and the fact that the album probably has about 7 fillers ! its just to flawed to recommend to everyone it may be if you are a diehard collective soul fans . i wouldnt lose this album but i wouldnt buy it again'
 'i bought this for my husband . he had a plantars wart on the bottom of his foot that was removed but became a callus that gave him pain . emu oil is the first thing that softened it and it is better than it has ever been and he had suffered with it for years'
 'i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so "" out there "" that when you first hear one of their cd\'s ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n\'t like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we \'ve got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n\'t have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 \'s kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country \'s kind of cool , too . and dracula \'s got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it \'s really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n\'t really that good . i do n\'t know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n\'t have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band .'
 'look , as music goes , variations on a theme is part of any genre . this album , however , yells out & quot ; leave well enough alone . &quot ; a remix of sgt.peppers lhcb might thrill a person born in 1986 , but when you hear the real thing , you ask why change it ? this album is a total waste of a truly great disc . like gipeto said to pinocchio , & quot ; stay wood ! & quot'
 ""it might not be a good album but it definitely shows shania 's potential""
 'sure my canon sd-30 is super cute and i get lots of compliments on how small and sexy it is , but heaven forbid you want to take pictures with it ! ! this camera cannot take pictures in low light at all ! every picture i \'ve taken at parties has been out of focus , which adds up to a lot of hazy photos of great memories . i took it back to the camera shop and the guy said i had the setting right but "" yeah , they do n\'t work well in low light . "" well if i needed a bright sunny day for every shot i could make a pinhole camera out of a cardboard box ! the pictures it takes in daylight are nice . but anyone who wants a tiny little camera like this is planning on putting it in their pocket and taking it to parties ! i got the sony cybershot 10.1 and it takes great pictures in low light . later , canon .'
 'i love them ! i have a fairly expensive 6 piece lithograph and each piece is about 15 lbs . we were not only able to hang them with minimal damage to the drywall but have them almost perfectly abutting each other'
 'this is original equipment battery charger manufactered by canon . the performance of the charger is excellent as are most canon products . the price paid was comparible to non-sale priced items puchased via internet sites . the item was recieved in original packaging , 3 days after placing the order , was new ( not reconditioned with a new appearance ) . i am extremely pleased with the entire purchase process experienced , from the information given at the site to ease of ordering and fast shipping'
 ""when the etx-90pe works , it works very well and makes astronmomy an easy hobby to get into . let me elaborate . first , the best telescope is the one you use most often . all too frequently people buy big telescopes that are heavy to carry , and that need frequent adjustment . the little etx weighs less than 20 lbs all set up ( including tripod ) , and never needs adjustment . it encourages frequent use . second , one of the most challenging aspects of astronomy , especially for the newcomer , is finding objects to look at . if you are not familiar with the night sky and where things are located , it can get very frustrating spending up to 30 minutes just to find one object to look at ! the etx 's built in computer makes finding objects easy - just select what you want to see from a menu , and the scope will automatically point to it . the optical quality of the etx is excellent . the manufacturer , meade , does a very good job of turning out optical systems that rank with the best . some of the most rewarding objects - the moon , jupiter , saturn , and the orion nebula look wonderful through this telescope . one final positive to mention is the ease of setup . the pe models are the easiest of all telescope to get up and running . just turn on the power , press one key on the hand held computer controller , and in a few moments the telescope will start aligning itself so that it will automtically find objects for you . you do n't need to worry about where north is , or what the current date , time , and location are . now some cautions . first , the etx-90 is a small telescope , and will not show as much as a larger one . that is the trade-off with getting a portable instrument . there are larger etx models that are almost as portable , so these might be a consideration . also , understand that there will be a learning curve when using the built in computer . it 's not hard , but you need to have some patience while you learn the procedure . finally , be prepared for some quality control issues . as good as the optics are , some etx 's have some mechanical problems that require a return to the factory for warranty repair . my own etx-90pe had to go back to the factory twice . but once all the problems were fixed , it was well worth it ! on this note , you can purchase an extended warranty from the manufacturer at a reasonable price , and i would recommend doing so""
 ""this is the most god awful method for learning a language i have ever encountered . my jaw dropped when i saw that nasa and other government agencies were using this software in order to learn a foreign language . if that is truly the case then i demand my tax dollars back . it is that bad . the reason i gave this software a shot is because their marketing campaign has been asserting that it was the absolute definitive method for learning a new language . you 're probably looking at it for the same reason . first , you should know that you can purchase a set of flash cards from your local bookstore and it is just as effective as any rosetta stone softare and costs 90% less . i used this software when i borrowed it from a friend in order to see if it was better than my current method of learning mandarin , which i 'll get into later . i had an opportunity to make copies of this software when it was in my possession but decided against it . not out of fear of piracy penalties , just plain because i would rather not have this software than have a copy of it . that 's really how awful it is . imagine if your parents tried to teach you english by only teaching you noun / picture association ? it would n't work unless you learned about proper english grammar and proper syntax . if you learned about verbs and other things . this program will assume you know all your chinese numbers automatically . in the very beginning a picture of a little girl will show up and it will verbally say ' one little girl ' in mandarin.. . however it will not tell you which word means the number one , which word means girl , and so on . it 's a guessing game , not a learning experience . all the positive reviews i 've seen for any rosetta stone software on amazing seem absolutely phony and fabricated to me ( especially on the rosetta stone japanese page ) . please beware , and there is no better way to prove that what i 'm saying is true other than trying a demo for yourself . i am sure that it is as bad as the full retail version that i used for a week . the absolute best method i 've used for learning mandarin has been pimsleur 's audio cds . ( i 've never tried berlitz and pimsleur 's other competitors , but i 'm sure they are better than rosetta stone ) . i have used mandarin i and ii so far from pimsleur , and i am able to hold impressive conversations with other fluent speakers of mandarin . the great thing about it is that pimsleur explains everything to you , allows you to say it out loud , there is no brute memorization involved with pimsleur , only natural language assimilation . just ask yourself this , when you learned english as a child . did you learn by learning how to read and write first ? or did you learn how to speak and listen first ? did n't you learn syntax first and then use what you learned to formulate your own sentences ? that 's exactly how pimsleur has taught me mandarin . i was surprised how i was able to create my own grammatically correct sentences with pimsleur only a few lessons in . go ahead and try a demo of any rosetta stone language . it should be enough to keep you away from rosetta stone in favor of any of their competitors . i 've heard good things about berlitz and others , but pimsleur in my opinion is the absolute best .""
 ""i found this razor as the same as the other ones . do n't let them lie to you when you heard that this is the best one . the only cool part about it is that it has a small razor in the back that help the delicate areas like under the nose , et""
 ""rien a dire si ce n'est que too $hort et ses potes ça claque c'est tout""
 'i am a solo family medicine physician and have been using the quickbooks pro series since 2003. at first , i was a little upset with being forced to upgrade my qb pro 2003 , however once i installed the new premium 2006 , i must say i am very pleased . from the beginning , everything has changed just a small bit , however in a very good way . in my past version of qb pro 2003 , i had to toggle between different screens in order to move from deposits to writing checks , etc. in premium 2006 this is no longer the case . a very easy to use and intuitive home page shows everything you need to use . each different tool is one simple click away . i very much like the new enhanced payroll option in that i can now print out my state tax forms along with my federal forms . in the past , it would take an hour or two out of my family time in order to fill in those little boxes and double check each figure with my cpa . now i print out each form and am finished in less than 10 minutes . i would highly recommend this product to any solo or small group practice . the versatility and power found in quickbooks premium allows me to keep track of my finances personally . the added convenience of the payroll services just makes this product an even better buy . yes , there are enough subtle differences between the pro and premium version to justify spending a few extra dollars . i would definitely buy this software title again'
 ""the content is excellent . the digital format is largely useless . i bought the digital 5th edition to supplement my paper 4th edition . but , the digital rights management restrictions mean that i ca n't print selected pages to stick in a folder , read on the train , or scribble notes on . i ca n't even cut and paste particularly relevant bits into an electronic ' notes ' file . the onerous digital restrictions are not suitable for an academic book like this one""
 ""when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver""
 'let \'s get one thing straight - radiohead may be the greatest thing to happen to music since the beatles . that said , this is not the album for that reason . do not let this album turn you off from radiohead...beacause it is truly not what they are about . there is one hint though in where radiohead will go . in the song "" creep "" , which is not a fantastic song , there is a brilliant "" chu-chunk "" made by johnny greenwood . so please - if you are trying to get into radiohead...go somewhere else . for the "" rockers "" - get the bends , for people trying to expand their musical mind - get ok computer , and if you like that you may become obsessed with kid a . there are some unbelievable songs on amnesiac , but it is not their most cohesive album , and hail to the theif is very solid . thank you for your time'
 '"" animal house "" raised the bar , and set a standard for all comedies that followed . many have tried to duplicate the originality of this movie , and all have failed to come close . a classic for the ages'
 'i really like this sanitizer . the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because i wish that it was bigger so i could fit bottles and things slightly larger in it . but , i do put her pacifiers and bottle nipples in there .'
 ""great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks""
 'after i watched this sequel i realized it was not as good as the first but i did enjoy it .'
 'this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program'
 'the real life base ( dr. li ching-yun , 1677-1933 ) adds to the wonder and mystery . many movies usually pale compared to the book ; however this movie fits all the criteria of a great classic . such as excellent film footage for the time , even though some scenes are missing . when i look at the shangri-la setting some times my mind wanders and i wonder if this was the idea behind the valley in the book "" atlas shrugged "" by ayn rand ? i doubt that they could have picked any better actors for the parts . these actors fit the time and surroundings and were actually believable in the characters they played . a later remake of this movie was o.k. but just did not have the presence of these actors . now the dvd features : digitally remastered audio & anamorphic video production notes restoration before and after comparison three deleted scenes photo documentary with narration by historian kendall miller many more by the way i personally enjoy watching and re-watching this movie .'
 'microsoft office ultimate 2007 is fairly good once you know how to use it . it is a a little difficult if you are new to how the menus work but once you know how they work it is fairly simple to use'
 'before that it was kind of nice , but it cannot focus in even semi-low light . it is definitely light and easy to take everywhere , but there are so many conditions where the results are disappointing . no way i would call the output hd quality , just the best sd ever with a 16 * 9 format . and then it broke'
 'great price , free shipping....basically...i love it ! ! i placed my order on sunday and got it 8:00 a.m. tuesday morning...i highly recommend this seller...i will definitely continue to buy from this seller myself. .'
 ""happy gilmore is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . then i watched billy madison and it was about a totally moronic spoilt rich kid . total opposites sometimes do n't atract .""
 'love this product . i like having these microsoft programs without paying the price for the full versios'
 'i \'ve always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc \'s , plus that "" very best of "" cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they \'re putting in sheryl \'s coffee . some reviewers are saying there \'s "" heart and soul "" all over this album ? that may be , but it \'s also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n\'t see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 \'s style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very "" modern "" graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it \'s time for a new "" very best of "" collection )'
 ""i do a lot of work out of town and in other states , so i am constantly in unfamiliar or different places . this gps has saved me tons of time and within the next two months will probably have paid for its ' self in saved mileage that i used to spend looking for places . i have recommended it to everyone that i have talked to . it 's great , i will never have to mapquest or ask for directions again . another great microsoft product""
 'i \'m a "" compleat "" beatlemaniac , and i do n\'t mind the political statements at all , but this is a nearly unlistenable record that i have a hard time counting as a serious musical effort or even a real album . i would have loved it if it had been a 7 "" single , "" woman is the nigger of the world , "" with the rest of it just words written in liner notes . after that opening track , the remainder is a serious chore to get through . it \'s almost unimaginable that this came out between the excellent "" imagine "" ( 1971 ) and the solid "" mind games "" ( 1973 ) , but then again , john was not consistent , in part surely due to his apparent and admirable lack of commitment to being a pop star . love john for the genius he was , his commitment to peace , and the great music he made - - it \'s just that there \'s barely any of it on this particular record .'
 ""i 've had this trimmer for 10 years and never had a problem . sometimes the switch needs to be moved twice but it always works . never falls apart and cut hair great . i 'd buy another if this one would ever wear out !""
 'works well most ( 95% ) of the time . slight improvement over v8'
 'i \'m an amateur at website design / building , so understand that i \'m not very "" deep "" in dreamweaver \'s abilities . however , i got the program to switch from adobe golive cs2 which had many quirks , bugs , and frustrations . ( one example - while you upload your changed files to the web server in golive , you ca n\'t do anything else in the program . single tasking ! ? ! ? ! ) after just 30 minutes or so of working with dreamweaver to update my site , i \'m already sure i \'ve made the right decision ! i have a long way to go in learning what it can do , but my first impressions of the product are excellent'
 'if you \'ve been living under a rock for the past year or so , perhaps you can be excused for not having heard about microsoft \'s new edition to the windows canon . for all others , vista has become a fact of life , whether or not you actually run the operating system yet . check out a tech website and you \'ll find a vista screen shot somewhere , either depicting some impressive overclocking results via cpu-z , or else simply for no other purpose than to show the world , "" yes , i can run aero- -are n\'t you jealous ? "" in fact , it \'s hard to avoid vista these days . and , as always seems to be the case , most of what you hear is probably negative . that \'s where i come in . i \'ve waited a while before writing this review , both to test the operating system and to wait for the horror stories to fade away . they haven\'t . and this can only mean one thing : the positive stories are n\'t getting through because most people who are satisfied with a product generally do n\'t feel the need to comment on it . now of course you \'ve probably seen quite a few anxious posts ( most likely in all capital letters ) either bashing microsoft for everything under the sun , praising vista indiscriminately , making it seem as though you need a $5000.00 enthusiast-class computer to run the thing , or boasting about mac \'s venerable os x and how windows vista is nothing more than a bad copy thereof . needless to say , none of these sorts of things helps , and all of them create a sense of confusion and negativity that reflects heavily on the product . and , if you analyze them closely , you \'ll realize that *none of them actually says anything about windows vista.* if you do n\'t believe me , then just go visit apple \'s discussion area and check out the ipod pages . you \'d get the impression that ipods were the worst products ever made and that every single one has problems . yet , if this were the case , then why have in excess of 100 million units been sold thus far ? the answer is obvious : people seem compelled to review products only if something went wrong with their experience . in short , people confuse review sites with complaint forums . therefore , as the self-proclaimed dr. prog , i feel it my duty to step out of my usual mode of reviewing progressive rock albums and give an honest , no nonsense review of microsoft windows vista home premium . -the interface - ah , yes . you \'ve heard all about the new windows vista aero interface by now . and virtually every screen shot you \'ll ever see will feature aero . but it \'s much more than just pretty , glass-like window frames . aero includes many new enhancements to the ui , such as the live thumbnails that appear when you mouse-over minimized windows . as the name suggests , these actually update in real time , so if there is a video or an animation playing in the window , it will appear in the live thumbnail . this is very useful . perhaps less useful but scoring about an 8 on the 1-10 "" coolness factor "" scale is the oft-mentioned 3d-flip , which allows the user to view a three-dimensional representation of all open windows , along with offering the ability to virtually paw through these to bring the desired window to the forefront . these are the things you \'ll hear the most about . what you do n\'t hear so much is all the general changes that have been made to the overall interface . the new icons are photo-realistic and size-scalable . they start out a little large , but you can set them to any size within a wide spectrum . the explorer windows have been radically redressed , with a new breadcrumbs backward navigation tool that beats the old address bar hands down ( you can retrace your steps in a logical , step-by-step manner , instead of using the cryptic addresses ) . also , they \'re spruced up with decorations that recall the visual aura style of some of the new wallpapers . speaking of which , these are for the first time actually usable , unlike in previous versions of windows , where the wallpapers have been small and grainy . more general changes include the absence of menu bars in most areas of explorer , including ie . these can be replaced momentarily with a tap of the alt key , at least until you learn how to navigate without them . also , the animations are much better than in previous versions of windows , particularly the one you see when copying a file . in addition , the start menu has been reworked drastically . it does n\'t even say "" start , "" anymore ; instead , it \'s simply a blue orb with the windows logo . the first big change is the way programs are accessed : gone is the delicate and finicky ever-expanding hierarchy system , where a slightly overzealous hand could miss the mark and close the entire desired level . now , the all programs button leads to an explorer-like listing of folders , each clearly named , and each of which opens and closes with a single mouse click . each time the start menu is opened , the folders reset themselves . also , they are automatically alphabetized . the start menu also contains most of the system links usually found on the desktop ( computer , documents , etc. ) , which is why the only thing on the desktop the first time you boot up is the recycle bin . and , in case you have seen screen shots or have tried out vista already , the search bar at the bottom pulls double duty as a replacement for the run command utility . speaking of search , though i seldom ever find myself wondering where my files are ( i suppose i \'m unique in this respect ) , many people have far more data to keep track of than me , and thus they will greatly appreciate the enhanced and pervasive searching facilities of vista . there are search boxes virtually everywhere in explorer , including the start menu . there is even one in ie7 , though it is not integrated with the system search . but , as you \'ve probably noticed , this is but a list of interface changes and additions . i assure you the list could go on and on , and i know i \'ll receive more than one comment reminding me about some feature or other i \'ve forgotten . i \'ll read those when they come and add material as necessary . but , aside from this , how does this new interface really impact the end user ? to be perfectly honest , though it \'s certainly pretty and a few parts of it required a little adjustment , it did n\'t feel much different from previous windows versions to me . but , to be honest , this is a good thing . perhaps you \'ve heard that it \'s a nightmare to learn vista . that \'s a load of hogwash . a few things are renamed , a few things have been moved around , and on the whole everything looks prettier . but it \'s still windows ; it accomplishes the same tasks and it works virtually the same as it always did . -included software bundle - taking a hint from apple , microsoft has included a compliment of digital media manipulation software . while of course ilife is superior , there is one issue that must be cleared up : ilife is not an integral part of mac os x as you may have been led to believe . older mac users must purchase it ; it only comes with the newer macs . therefore , microsoft windows vista , to be purely technical , offers the most comprehensive digital media suite ever offered stock with an os . however , technicality is seldom practical , and microsoft \'s inclusion is no ilife killer . still , the included calendar ( new in vista ) , photo viewing and editing application ( new ) , windows media player 11 , windows movie maker , and windows dvd burning program ( new ) are nothing to scoff at . no , they wo n\'t replace dedicated , professional stand-alone programs , but let \'s be honest : neither will ilife . the new internet explorer 7 is a step forward from the piece of swiss cheese ie6 was , insofar as security . new features include a phishing filter , tabbed browsing , and improved security . additionally , ie7 runs in protected mode , also called a "" sandbox . "" the idea is that this one application is cordoned off from the rest of the system , thereby making it more difficult for malicious software to take control of your computer . but that \'s more for the security section of the review . the new ie7 is certainly more attractive than the older versions , and the version in vista offers enhanced visual appeal that the xp port of the software lacks . to be perfectly honest , i still use mozilla firefox ( mostly because i ca n\'t stand those blinking ads on web pages , and there is a firefox extension that gets rid of that annoyance once and for all ) , but if i had to , i would have no qualms using ie7. the new incarnation of window media player is really no different from the xp port . it still does n\'t support aac , and it still does n\'t handle gapless playback . as an ipod user and a progressive rock fan , respectively , i can gather only one thing from these shortcomings : it \'s time to break out itunes . do n\'t get me wrong : wmp is not at all a bad tool . it \'s still the default player on my system for most audio types . however , once an ipod owner and prog rocker , always an ipod owner / progger . i still say itunes is king , if only because its interface is cleaner , it supports my audio device , and it offers gapless playback . i have n\'t extensively tested the windows movie maker application , but i have read that it is updated very slightly from the xp version . the photo editing tool is completely new for vista , and after a little experimenting i was pleased that , though simple , the controls offer nice results . this application is on par with many of the basic image editing software packages you \'ll see offered with digital cameras , printers , and the like . the other applications have yet to receive my testing , only because i do n\'t often burn dvd movies , and i have n\'t entered an event in a calendar in about ten years . as far as windows mail , i cannot be objective because i have never used outlook or outlook express . reports seem to indicate that windows mail is simply a dressed-up outlook express , with many of the same features . as i said , i have never used a mail program . call me old-fashioned , but i just check and write my mail from my internet browser . either way , i do n\'t honestly believe microsoft would offer outlook-level functionality in the stripped down version of outlook 2007. all in all , i was rather impressed at the steps microsoft has taken to embrace the digital media age . the effort falls short of ilife and proprietary solutions in this regard , but then , that is simply to be expected . i have n\'t really benefited tremendously from the new additions , but there is certainly nothing wrong with them , and i know many people will be very happy with this digital media suite . -security - this is the big picking point many people ( rightfully ) have with windows xp . it seems as though there \'s at least two critical security updates every week . the mac commercials definitely have a point , but that \'s only because macs make up so small a percentage of the market share ( though it is indeed a growing share ) that it is not advantageous for malware to be written for os x users . even so , xp does n\'t get a free pass here . something had to be done . and that something was the security measures taken in windows vista . the "" sandbox "" has already been mentioned above , but other features have been added . one of these , windows defender ( microsoft \'s anti-spyware program ) , is one of those rare pieces of software that is just perfect : it may not be the best at what it does , but it \'s unobtrusive , it \'s simple to use , and it \'s totally and completely free . leave it on to supplement your already existing spyware solution , and you can only benefit . also featured in vista is the now infamous user account control ( uac ) . basically , it prompts you every time your computer does basically anything , including installing programs , running some programs , updating settings , etc. and , if you were wondering , the mac commercials have it right : it really is that annoying . to be fair , you will see far fewer of these alerts once the bulk of your software has been installed , but until then you will be very , very sick of uac . i do n\'t advise this , but since i was able to get my anti-virus and anti-spyware software up and running on vista , i finally turned off uac . symantic seems to think this was unwise , but norton virus scan does n\'t bother me about it other than to recommend , on its information page , that i leave uac activated . yeah . like that \'s going to happen . beyond these broad , tangible aspects of security , there is a lot of new stuff under the hood of vista that makes it less susceptible to malicious attacks . mostly , unless you \'re very savvy , you do n\'t need to understand it all and , to be frank , do n\'t ask me because i have n\'t the foggiest how it all works . i \'m just glad it \'s there . overall , i think microsoft has made a valiant effort with security . i would still not advise running any windows operating system without active virus and spyware protection , but at least vista has taken a step in the right direction . plus , you likely have anti-virus and anti-spyware software from running windows xp , which you can then install on vista . -the hardware - graphics : this is the part i have been waiting for . everything i read up until i finally installed vista told me i needed a dedicated graphics card with at least 256 mb of memory in order to run aero . i \'ll be honest : i fell for it . i had a graphics card *in my hand* , but on the way to the checkout i realized i had left my gift certificate at home . so i decided to wait and see how my hardware would react . this is where i realized the utter bias among the tech community : i had absolutely no trouble running aero on integrated graphics . and that only makes sense because my setup is rather typical : a 17 "" flat panel monitor and a modern computer . this will be what the majority of people have at the moment , and at this size , ig should have no trouble running aero . now use logic : if you want to run dual 24 "" widescreen monitors , yeah , you \'ll need a graphics card . especially since i do n\'t believe there even exists a dual monitor-capable ig motherboard ( if there is such a thing , it \'s certainly not available on the oem consumer market ) . but if you have a fairly typical single monitor scenario on a computer that you bought within the past few years , you should have no trouble at all insofar as graphics . do n\'t be fooled . if you want to be absolutely sure , however , there is no harm- -and plenty of good sense- -in downloading microsoft \'s free upgrade advisor utility to see if your setup is in any way deficient . plus , if you find you ca n\'t run aero for any reason , you were going to upgrade to vista anyway , so you can still buy dedicated graphics at that point . you do n\'t need the top-of-the-line card unless you want to make this an excuse to foray into gaming ; older technology that will get you up and running can be had for very reasonable prices . ram : there is one area , however , where many computers will be deficient : ram . oddly enough , while many sources are pushing the graphics card brigade , an almost equally strong force- -the computer manufacturers themselves- -seems to think that ram is no big deal . trust me : if you \'ve ever tried to run windows xp on 256 mb of ram , it \'s a painful experience . that \'s what vista is like on 512 mb- -you do n\'t even want to go there . dell is shockingly honest when they qualify the "" minimum "" vista requirement of 512 mb of ram ( as per microsoft ) as "" great for booting the operating system , without running any applications or games . "" this is where most people will have to upgrade their machines . 1 gb is perfectly acceptable ; if you want true multitasking power ( and you have the dual-core processor to support it ) , then go for 2 gb or more . for most people , however , 1 gb will be fine . my first of two vista machines has 1 gb and it works perfectly . i will warn you , though , that often times memory is installed in pairs , so your 512 mb is most likely two 256 mb modules . the paired method offers better performance , but it will make upgrading a system with only two memory slots somewhat expensive ( though not exorbitant by any means ) . but this is not somewhere you want to skimp , so at least one pair of 512 mb memory modules should be on your list of extra hardware if you have only 512 mb of memory currently installed . processor : this is perhaps the most accurate in terms of the hype . you \'ll need at least a 1 ghz processor to run aero . many computers with such processors do n\'t even support 1 gb of ram , so if you \'re in that situation , you will definitely be looking at a new computer with vista pre-installed . however , these are very old machines by this point , and most of us have something slightly newer . one myth that needs to be dispelled is that dual-core processors will run vista better than single-core cpus : vista is , for the most part , based on the microsoft server 2003 code , which is , in turn , based on the xp code , both of which came before the advent of multi-core processing . therefore , to the effect that the operating system is run , there will be only a marginal difference between a single-core or a dual-core cpu , provided both use identical core architectures . of course any applications that take advantage of multi-threading will benefit from multiple cores , but this was , is , and will always be the case , independent of the operating system . the question is simply whether you see yourself multitasking more with vista . if that \'s the case , then a new computer with a dual-core processor installed is probably your best bet ; if you \'re fine with your current setup , then it will most likely run vista and aero without any problems . it is interesting to note , however , that some upgrade aptitude utilities have some small quirks and will give conflicting and non-real results . for example , such a utility offered by advanced micro devices ( amd ) passed both my a64 x2-based machines without a hitch . however , when on a whim i ran it on my old p4-based desktop , the utility seemed to think that a 2.40b ghz pentium 4 northwood ( 533 fsb ) would be insufficient to run vista . i smell amd bias , even though i happen to favor amd over intel . just take what such utilities tell you with a grain of salt , and remember that microsoft \'s own utility is likely the most reliable . generally , your processor will not be an issue when upgrading to vista . hard drive : again , this one is pretty straightforward . if you have a 40 gb hard drive or better , you \'re good to go . and if you do n\'t have that , hard drives are so cheap these days that you could easily at least triple your current capacity for about what it costs to take the family out to dinner one evening ( amazon does not allow price figures , hence my vagueness regarding pricing throughout this review ) . things get interesting when you consider a dual boot scenario . this is when you have two operating systems running on the same system , either on the same or on different hard drives . in my honest opinion , this is the best way to go because you get to keep your current operating system ( just in case you run into problems with vista ) , and you also get to have vista . keep in mind that , in order to run vista on the same hard drive as your current os , you \'ll need to install each os on a separate partition . you can either purchase a third party partitioning tool , or do what i did , which was use the ubuntu linux live boot disc \'s built-in partitioning utility . of course there is risk involved with this last solution ( but , in my experience , i \'ve used it dozens of times with no problems ) , so do the latter only at your own risk . -compatibility - this is where most of the horror stories have come from . both hardware and software compatibility nightmares are flitting around in denser clusters than fish flies in june . up until recently , anti-virus and anti-spyware programs have been unable to install on vista . in addition , many proprietary printer applications are incompatible , yet the printer itself will often times function perfectly . graphics and sound card drivers still have n\'t really caught up , despite the fact that they \'ve had a little over two years to do so . i wo n\'t deny that , if your system just happens to roll the snake eyes , you \'re in for some hell . but it \'s not half as bad as you hear . i installed vista without a hitch ; there is a separate part of the process where the os scans the system for hardware , installs the necessary drivers , and then generates a list of anything that does n\'t install properly . every piece of hardware i had was recognized . in addition , my printer was recognized and installed in about five seconds , despite the fact that its own software would not install ( and that its maker , hp , still had n\'t posted a vista-compatible version ) . even my usb internet modem , which the upgrade advisor flat out said would not work with vista , installed and ran perfectly when i supplied the drivers from the manufacturer \'s website . the fact is , vista has shipped with exponentially more drivers than any edition of xp . plus , it \'s possible to supply drivers from manufacturers \' websites for the odd , esoteric bit of hardware that is n\'t immediately detected . sometimes it will work , sometimes not . but this is only to be expected when upgrading to a new os . i do n\'t seem to remember everything being rosy when xp came out , either . this is yet another item of strong support for a dual boot scenario . software is no different from hardware . all my software titles , with the possible exception of the ancient original roller coaster tycoon , work flawlessly with vista . and the latter did n\'t work with windows xp mce 2005 , either , so i do n\'t blame vista for this . if your software acts buggy or otherwise just wo n\'t work , check the manufacturer \'s website . if it \'s a fairly recent title , there will most likely be some compatibility patches or a whole new version of the application , all free of charge . just be ready to insert your product key , if required , in the latter case . now of course chances are that if you have some pet application from the mid-nineties , it might kick up a few dickens . again , a strong case for dual boot . the final and perhaps most prolific source of upgrade hell is , ironically , the upgrade itself . this process works by performing an in-place upgrade of an already existing operating system ( xp ) . these sorts of upgrades are notorious for problems , and the vista crop is no exception . however , since you \'re currently viewing the full version page , this obviously is n\'t an issue for you . just remember , the best ways to install vista are either as a clean installation ( if necessary obliterating an existing os ) or a dual boot scenario . anything else and you might experience problems . but this has always been the case with in-place upgrades . -overall - i thank you for reading this far . most people won\'t . i know this was pretty long , but i wanted to get it all out there for people to read . vista is not a bad operating system . was i absolutely floored with it ? it may require some more time , but it has n\'t been the revelation microsoft promised . this is somewhat disappointing , and yet , somewhat reassuring as well . i did n\'t suffer any downtime because i could n\'t figure out how the operating system works , i did n\'t have any glaring compatibility issues , and my computer has worked virtually error-free ever since i first installed the os . in short , the change , while not mind blowing , was n\'t drastic or disturbing , either . at the end of the day , just remember : it \'s windows . love it or leave it , it \'s just microsoft \'s operating system . vista will do the same thing as xp and earlier editions ; it \'s not a source of inspiration or drive . it \'s only as good as the person who \'s using it .'
 'i bought this bag looking at the display on amazon . but compare to price i paid this bag is not atall good . size is small , extra pockets are useless , where you cant keep much . camera pocket is also not convenient . only plus point is quality of material used .'
 'james , you wrote : "" ben is weak , immature , a stalker , lazy , has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable to tell his parents no when they ask him to wear a scuba suit for their family friends . wow ! revolutionary film-making...not ! "" yes , ben was weak , immature , and had bad taste in women . his learning to overcome his weakness , immaturity , bad taste in women , and then defy his family and elaine \'s family was his coming of age story . that was the point of the movie . it went right over your head ! the acting was dead on and the subject matter was shocker when it came out ! how could you not love this movie ? maybe you need to grow up a little to see the value . watch it again in a few years . i think you will change your low opinion of this great classic movie over time .'
 ""i really wanted to love this fragrance...after all , it is quite expensive and i 'd read rave reviews on many websites...but after one spritz i sold it to a friend of mine ! my favorite perfumes are beyond paradise , ralph lauren romance , ralph lauren style , and dkny be delicious . light blue , to me , smells overwhelmingly of musk . i wore it all day and i ended up feeling nauseous , with a bad headache . this must be one of those perfumes that works well on most everyone else except for me""
 ""shaving gives me all sorts of problems , i must have super sensitive skin or something . i cannot afford laser and wax just is n't my thing . grabbed this for myself before christmas on a whim . it was money well spent ! after 3 months of use , i have gotten the hang of the product . i suggest you practise then shave regularly for a month or more . say , run the product over each leg once till you get used to it . then trying to completely remove the hair . my legs are unbelievably soft . no rash , one little tender area after i spent too much time there . do keep moving and keep a razor in the cabinet just in case . i still have trouble around my ankles . hair regrowth is markedly thinner since i began using it . by about half . what remains still grows long but i 'm , err , what does one call this process ? - doing it once a week and only takes a few minutes""
 'i bought the cd because i thought it was instrumental music . then i hit the tracks with vocals - yikes ! this is the only cd of lee ritenour that i bought . i am a first time listener . i must say that i do like the instrumental music very much . however , i really hate the tracks with vocals .'
 ""wow , did someone slip the wrong cd into my jewelbox or what ? if you 're a fan of allison 's other work , epect nothing like what you 've heard before . this is mostly a pop album , and the songs that could have been saved are ruined by the awful engineering . the sound is way over compressed and artificial sounding . even allisons voice has no drive to it . steve earl is no match on the guitar for joe mcmahan who played on the show cd / dvd .""
 ""great movie - there is n't anything i can say that has n't been said 100 times .""
 'purchased as a gift and well received . seems to handle larger chips in a timely manner . runs everyday , all day and no problems encountered . displays vacation pictures clearly . like that it is big enough to view across the room . frame is more compatible with decore than the 7 "" model previously purchased'
 'as owner of every single chill / lounge music cd i am aware of , this was the biggest dissapointment in a long time . ultra chill series 1-4 was outstanding . while ultra chill 05 is not a complete disaster , i could not find one song worthy of a 5 / 5 star rating . quite a few 4 star songs and lots of 2-3 star songs . some of the better songs were repeated on older chill discs or present on other series of lounge discs . there is a lot of jazz and latin chill on these two discs , which i also like , but the jazz / world / latin chill tracks here were repeats or nothing great . i think the person that rated this 5 stars does n\'t own a lot of lounge / chill and is probably a lot easier to please . i \'m very dissapointed . maybe this \' genre \' is all dried up ! : ) oh well.. . i \'m off to listen to "" chillout seesions 8 "" ... hopefully it will be a lot better . i highly reccomend chillout seesions by ministry of sound . chillout sessions 1-7 are outstanding.. . time to go listen to the new 8 !'
 'the problem with this book is that it does not explain the mathematics well . the author connects the unsolvable equation with group theory but does not provide any way for the reader to understand exactly what it is that is wrong with the equation . why could the equation not be solved ? there is a reason for this fact , and the mathematical theory explains it well- -but not this book . perhaps a mathematician will write a book explaining why the 5th degree equation cannot be solved in general . the reason is the subject of galois theory taught in high-level mathematics courses but explainable in a popular book ; but apparently not in this one'
 'it does n\'t sound like the people you list as reasons "" not "" to read this book , actually read "" this "" book . there is a big difference , in my opinion , of putting positive affirmations in your mind , versus a witch doctor . and quite honestly , it seems the positive affirmations could and should be used in "" conjuction "" with medical care . does it say anywhere in the book to forego medical care , because you will most definitely be healed ? no where . so in my opinion , one has to have a "" sound "" mind , and not view the book as a "" cure all "" for all the ills in life , but rather a positive way to "" enhance "" your life . it is just plain stupid to to avoid getting medical care , when you have a terminal illness , or any other illness for that matter . but according to what i gather from the book , you can use positive affirmations , and "" believe "" that you are getting well , to help keep yourself in a positive state , rather than filling your head with negative thinking that you will never get well . studies aside from this book have proven that a healthy and positive attitude and mental outlook , have done wonders for recovering patients , along with their medical care . your review did not address any of those people that read this book , because the two examples of people you list , it is apparent they did n\'t read the book either , ( not sure what compelled you to post here ? ) therefore you are not qualified , in my opinion , to critique this book , as they were using apparently some form of faith healing from a televangelist , did they prescribe drinking snakes blood , too ? anyway , this book in no way says to forgo medical treatment if you are sick , and those that do , probably wo n\'t be addressing their medical problem . can the positive affirmations and power of suggestion help you through your medical crisis ? i imagine it can , ( studies prove it can ) in addition to proper medical treatment . anyway , you might want to actually read the book , instead of making comments of what happened to "" so and so "" who did n\'t even read it or apply it , including yourself .'
 ""for fans , i suppose this would be a rather big delight ; for non-fans , it 's nothing that will turn you on to the band from jersey . they had some okay , cheesy hits in the ' 80s - but listening to some of their modern songs from this collection proves how completely out of touch they are nowadays""
 ""ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness )""
 '"" when was the last time you actually bought a ticket to see a movie , you actually paid your own money to see it ? "" "" last night , pasedena . the bicycle thief . "" "" it \'s an art movie . it does n\'t count . we \'re talking about movie movies . "" robert altman is one of my favorite directors , mainly for the way he finds insight in the most inane actions or phrases . this short exchange has many layers when taken out of context and many more when taken in context . with this dialog , the player reveals exactly why hollywood movies do n\'t make the money they should . not because they do n\'t make quality films , but because when a good movie does make money , it does n\'t count because it \'s not a "" movie movie . "" if he stopped to really listen to what was being said , he would \'ve seen that art films have a great drawing power and actually do n\'t cost much to make . but people still wonder why the modern film industry is suffering . wait , there \'s more . the people in the room do n\'t know it , but producer griffin mill , in a fit of paranoia , killed an unemployed screenwriter outside the theater that night . he was being stalked by a writer , but he blamed ( and murdered ) the wrong one . now he \'s still being stalked , still in danger of losing his job , and the cops suspect him of murder . not a good week for mister mill . as the conversation presses on , mill \'s potential replacement passes around a newspaper , telling people to read random headlines to be made into scripts . mill spots the story on his murder which we \'re already watching play out in a movie . yes , it \'s that type of movie , the self-referential hollywood movie about hollywood movies that keeps teasing itself for the viewers \' enjoyment . we \'ve seen it about a thousand times before ( or since ) : get shorty , adaptation , wes craven \'s new nightmare , even certain elements of 8 1 / 2. there \'s really nothing too special about it , but this one has much more subtlety and is much more believable . pay close attention to the ending scene , and think about what words they \'re using opposed to what they \'re really saying . there \'s really only one word for a film like this : "" clever !'
 'i took "" my "" unit to a monthly meeting for seniors . their machine broke & i took mine as a replacement . they liked it so well , they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings . they like all the different aspects of the machine . a suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine ?'
 ""this is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you 've probably never heard of . if you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you""
 ""the dvd says : nelly - the longest yard , boom , fly away and errtime ; no doubt - hella good ; natasha barr - move ; nicole kindle - oh my , oh my ! ; lynard skynard - saturday night special ; murphy lee - stomp ; jet - are you gonna be my girl ; the hollies - long cool woman ( in a black dress ) ; 216 - u should know ; public enemy - give it up and opus de soul ; d12 - my ballz and peter gunn theme ; michael kamen & buckethead - jack & the ripper ; mountain - mississippi queen ; methods of mayhem - narcotic ; the crystal method - roll it up ; big head todd & the monsters - boom boom ; ccr - have you ever seen the rain and bootleg ; david shire - fall-off truck and cats & dogs ; thomas newman - creek house ; wayne hancock - railroad blues ; norman greenbaum - spirit in the sky ; union turnpike - oh ; ludacris feat . lazyeye - get back ( clean rock mix ) ; ac / dc - thunderstruck and if you want blood ( you 've got it ) ; red hot chili peepers - higher ground ; kool keith & kutmasas kurt - break u off ; univ of southern california - usc drum cadence ; tracie spencer - still in my heart ; yea that 's different and prolly a double cd...off to itunes : )""
 ""never even seen tony jaa till the end ! ! ! save your money on this film . , it 's not worth it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !""
 'i really , really like this piece of film.rated pg-13 for stylized action violence.good for anyon'
 'it \'s sometimes hard to think there are really anymore pleasing melodies out there , but thank halstead & co . for proving me wrong . i am happily pleased with their latest , and very eagerly awaited , effort . instead of the depths of melancholia and loveliness on , say , out of tune , they give us 41+ minutes of what seems like basically "" it \'s good , everything \'s going just way ok.. . "" it \'s happy . maybe i \'ll hear a lyric later that says something else , but for those for whom music is the priority , you ca n\'t go wrong with this considered and experienced and artful pop . four and a half stars'
 'i have the sony battery that came with the camera and bought an additional sony battery that allowed for 2-4 hours . however , i wanted a battery that i could count on for the better part of an "" all day "" event and i found it in the qm91d . i was asked to photograph a wedding from getting ready ( hair dresser at 0830 , until the end of the reception at 11:30pm ) the qm91d held strong . i did not constantly video tape , but with my digital recorder i had 6 sony 120 tapes ( 60 min digital ) - - 5 were captured using the qm91d . i did switch some of the tapes before they were completely used to make sure i did n\'t miss important events ... so i never actually used up "" all "" of the qm91d battery . this battery was used again during the evacuation from houston ( secondary to hurricane rita ) - - i used it entirely and it did not faulter ... it lasted throughout the trip and i had no need to change to the smaller batteries . the size of the battery did not really bother me - - i was aware that it would be larger than the others and it did not hamper the use of the camera . read the manufacturer information on battery life , charging time etc ... for this battery it is valid . i would recommend this battery .'
 '................my man did his \' thing once again............... . ...................big-ups 2 dave , soul music.................. . & all musicians who \'ve collaborated *that \'s how it \'s 2 be done ! * .....why must feeble-minded folks always feel that it \'s always someone \'s job 2 educate them , why ca n\'t they relax & allow them - selves 2 be entertained ? *i suppose those of you that did n\'t get it were expecting for it 2 be "" just like "" the chapelle show ? were you expecting 2 see "" ashy larry all-up & through "" ! "" 2 see the fugees hit the stage @ 1 time + "" dead prez "" that was much more than enough 4 me , when lauryn song "" killing me softly "" i almost cried son ! "" ****matter of fact jersey stand up ! ! ! ! **** ******listen be not deceived , 4 those of you that have not see it *please do n\'t be fooled see it 4 your self 2 decide ! if you are not scared 2 be entertained "" dig-in "" ! ! ! ! ***** ......it \'s the roots , fugees , mosdef / black starr , jill scott , erykah , big daddy kane , kool g rap , cody chesnutt , & my brothers "" d-e-a-d*p-r-e-z "" . ! ! ! !'
 'reviewgium - volume i , issue xvii over sixty and still going strong , neil young has released a new album , largely politcal and essentially a focused attack on u.s. president george w . bush . as opposed to his last album which was a more bittersweet , country-tinged effort , living with war is a pretty much straightforward rock album , mostly electric with a background choir featured on many tracks , as well as an unusually predominant trumpet player on several tracks . musically , it \'s nothing spectacular , in fact every song more or less follows the same tired formula , and there are really no diversions from the grunge-like rhythm guitar chords . but the album is obviously intended to have a major focus on the vocals and lyrics . of course , many people do not like neil young \'s vocals , but there are many well-developed choral passages throughout the album , including a soulful , a capella arrangement of "" america the beautiful , "" which closes the album . so basically , i feel the vocal performances compensate- -though not totally- -for the lack of musical diversity . lyrically , the album is pretty blatant ; it could almost be a 60 \'s protest album . but underlying that , is a ray of hope and an urge to change our country for the better . there are a few decent tracks on the album , even if they are not exactly mind-blowing ( not that neil young was ever a showboater ) . "" after the garden "" is actually quite a good song as is "" shock and awe . "" "" flags of freedom "" is a bit of an upper , so i can probably call that the album highlight , though i \'m sure the more politically-minded citizen will enjoy "" let \'s impeach the president , "" an almost humorous overview of bush \'s faltering standpoints . the final three songs divert from the general theme of dismay and protest , and offer feelings of hope and introspection . if you are not a fan of neil young , you \'ll find nothing here that will convert you , so you may just want to leave this on the shelf . if you are "" anti-bush "" you might get a buzz off of the lyrical aspect , but that \'s probably the only thrill you will get . i tend to avoid anything political , so music aside , this album \'s message does not really appeal to me . it \'s like , yeah , people hate the president , blah blah blah , we know...give it a rest . for fans of neil , i would n\'t exactly say "" you \'re not missing anything "" by avoiding this album ; there is some good stuff on there , but you might want to wait until you see it cheap in the "" used "" bin at your local cd shop . and for those interested , this is not a crazy horse album .'
 'if you have this book , keep using it for the review only , but not for the tests . i suggest , use 15 tests of meylani for the practice'
 'every time this movie comes on my husband ( who is english ) and i watch it and laugh our heads off.if you have ever been in an english train station , drinking weak , watery cups of tea out of dirty , cracked cups.smelling mildew and stale cigarettes while you freeze to death you would see the humor in anyone being romantically moved while sitting there.and not to be crule , but these are not exactly a couple of sex-pots.the thought of two stodgy old english people being driven wild by their passion for each other is , well- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - hilarious ! i give it 5 stars for being so darn funny.oh- - - and the music- -- - please ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but it is worth watching for a good laugh'
 ""a refreshing look on software development and the many pitfalls you need to avoid . this book should be read by everybody involved in any software project but the simplest . in my opinion , a standard work . nevertheless , it needs to be handled with care . during ages , sw development managers have tried convincing their people to break out of the chaos , and plan their work . this book correctly warns for the opposite effects of believing that planning solves everything . some people might however read between the lines that no planning at all is the best practice . the book confirms what i and my successful colleagues found through experience and intuition : there is an optimal point of planning upfront . less harms because you do n't know where you are going , more ( too detailed ) harms because it takes away flexibility and it slows you down significantly . new to me was the use of queuing theory to point out what we see every day : too many features , under-resourcing leads to far bigger delays than human mind can ever guess .""
 ""i give the db pro 5 stars , but i am totally disappointed in amazon.com and the gamecreaters , heres why the first thing i noticed is my box is different than that shown here.. . http : / / darkbasicpro.thegamecreators.com i didnt recieve any of the free software stated in the link above i cant find the over 45 demo 's over 25 tutorials over 600 textures over 120 sound effects 900 3d models that is stated here.. . http : / / darkbasic.thegamecreators.com / i applied the .59 upgrade patch and now my program wont start . it says its missing msvcr71.dll file . the original version was 1.05 i cant believe the darkbasic.com is advertising this product , yet amazon.com is shipping some ancient version . hopefully i will be able to resolve this issue. .""
 ""though the description of this product says it 's filled with natural buckwheat hulls and rice , mine had a strong smelling deodorant coming from the removable bags you heat . i used them once and then packed them away because i do not like the odor . i wish the mitts had been unscented . perhaps over time , or by next winter , the odor will be gone and i 'll get some use out of them""
 'someone named "" ndb "" ( and i \'m willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by "" ndboston "" in certain other online venues...ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy \'s kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they \'ve lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination . none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gonna prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled "" legend of the curse of the bambino , "" due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . )'
 '"" the climb "" was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur \'s "" into thin air "" . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur \'s book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that "" the climb "" seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as "" into thin air "" , "" the climb "" still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev \'s english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding "" translations "" about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev \'s native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur \'s clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie "" everest "" .'
 '"" maiden voyage "" appears on innumerable lists of jazz masterpieces , and it is clear from the first listen that both the composition and the playing are at a level of technical proficiency unmatched on most albums of this era or any time afterward . nevertheless , the finished product is not one that all listeners will find appealing . to these ears , this album seems aimless and even somewhat annoying . the songs meander without clear structure and tony williams \' drumming seems at times to be going in a direction opposite that of the rest of the band . the influence of this album is indisputable , but its enjoyability is a more subjective matter . if you enjoy groundbreaking , cerebral jazz such as the music made by miles davis \' second quintet , then this album will probably work for you . if , on the other hand , you favor hancock \'s earlier and more accessible albums "" takin \' off "" and "" my point of view , "" this album may be a bit of a letdown'
 ""i agree with other reviewers that it feels good and does n't smell too much , however , i 've experimented with it several times to confirm my findings , and it turns out to give me really bad blackheads . i 'm 25 with an oily t-zone and very dry facial skin . on mornings after using this cream , i have nasty blackheads on my forehead and chin . there are better products out there""
 ""very few people remember sandra bullock starring on the short-lived cbs sitcom working girl which was based on the 1988 20th century fox film of the same title starring harrison ford , melanie griffith and sigourney weaver . very few remember bullock 's appearance in the 1991 film love potion #9. this film catapulted her to superstardom . she stars opposite keanu reeves and all hell breaks loose with both of them recklessly driving commercial buses . in the twelve years since this film debuted on the big screen , bullock relentlessly made films to this very day . also back in 1994 , hollywood had another megastar , jim carrey whose starring debut ace ventura-pet detective grossed over $5 million at the box office . unfortunately , speed 2 , released in 1997 , never acuumulated audiences as large as the ones who saw the first film""
 'this dvd is not shaolin idiot but an older film of stephen chow . it \'s really a film called "" look out , officer "" that stephen chow made in 1990. shaolin idiot is not out yet to my knowledge . if you want stephen chow \'s "" look out , officer "" you should buy this dvd if not , don\'t .'
 'i loved this movie...it was a little hard to follow because of the commercial break timings in it . this did not make the movie any less great it just made the movie a little hard to follow because it kept repeating the intro . at the time that the commercial breaks should have been because of it being a tv show that was made into a movie'
 ""this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch , the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama . my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i was n't in the mood she forced me to watch this , the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet , this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand . overall the film was just o.k. i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again , if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did .""
 'i found this product after reading a review of it on hairboutique.com . the length of my hair seemed to have reached a plateau just below my shoulders and after year seemed to have grown no longer . i decided to try this product to see if it worked . as hair growth is normally clocked at an 1 / 8 of an inch per month , i decided to monitor the results in my own little "" clinical test . "" this was actually pretty easy because i colour my hair so i \'d easily be able to see how much growth there was each month . i ordered a box of viviscal for which i paid $49 for ( average price on the web ) and the was set to take the first pill the following morning ( the box recommends 2 per day ) . i coloured my hair the night before so that in one month i \'d be able to accurately measure how much growth there had been by looking at the growth since the colouring . results : i did n\'t really notice anything until around the 2 week time frame . i noticed my nails were growing very fast / very long . i have weak nails that split easily and they barely seem to grow at all . it was very noticeable because i use the computer all day and the nail growth was causing my fingers to constantly slip on the keyboard . never having great nails , i was pretty happy to see this . my curiosity was also getting the better of me as i could see the roots of my hair pretty clearly which was unusual at 2 weeks after coloring . i took the tape measure and measured almost 1 / 4 of an inch in hair growth . this would mean 1 / 2 inch per month and 6 inches per year . i was pretty excited because although the numbers seemed small , it was twice the rate my hair normally grows . but i also noticed something else . my hair was becoming unusually greasy . because i have very dry hair , i normally only wash it 2-3 times a week . but every other day it seemed much more greasy than normal . hmmm. well , at the 1 month time frame i measured my hair growth and it was exactly 3 / 4 of an inch . not only that but i was constantly trimming my nails at this point . i was totally ecstatic . but also by this point , i was washing my hair every day - it was no longer dry and brittle , it was much softer , but there was no way i could miss a day of washing it or it would be greasy . so - the conclusions i have reached from my test was this : 1. yes , viviscal works . it caused my hair growth to be stimulated at over twice the speed . 2. viviscal also makes your nails much stronger and grow much faster . 3. viviscal makes your hair greasy , causing you to have to wash it every day - and then it \'s fine . it did not cause any extra hair growth anywhere else , which i thought a bit strange ( though good ! ! ! ) . i recommend this product'
 'the schumann that is presented here is a forgery . do n\'t get me wrong . i \'m not railing against schumann at all . the question here is what makes schumann great , and the way that bernstein presents these symphonies says schumann is great for the wrong reasons . the real schumann that lived was a completely different person than what we might assume from listening to this particular presentation of his music . schumann was not a hopeless romantic . he was one composer in a long line of "" classicists "" which ended with brahms , yet at the same time he was an innovator , pushing forward , trying to find new stylistic and technical means of expression . he had plenty of dignity , and he did n\'t write his music as a desperate plea for the world to like him , which is exactly what it sounds like here . bernstein trudges through these fine works as if he were dying . yes , many of these performances are the slowest on record , but this is a bad thing . these beautiful works lose value immeasurably when they are saturated with thick , waxy , overly romantic textures and phrasing . tell me , did schumann ever write : "" to be played extremely histrionically and melodramatically , with the greatest possible amount of cheese and theatrics "" in his score ? no ! he did not . these performances are not more expressive than others in the real sense of the word , and any person in his / her right mind should be able to see this . you may be able to hear the orchestration more clearly than in karajan \'s filth , but that \'s not saying much at all . and for this slight favor bernstein does for the music , he makes it infinitely worse when he stretches the fabric of these works beyond their limit . the most blatant example is the third movement of the second symphony , taken at half tempo . all semblance of melody and motion is lost . this movement is supposed to be several minutes shorter than the first , and not the longest movement of the symphony , not to mention the longest movement in the entire set . in fact , almost every movement of every symphony could stand to have at least a minute hacked off of its timing . also , while looking at the scores , you might notice that bernstein does away with detail work this time around . carefully laid out phrasing and the dynamic arch are thrown out of the window in favor of grand "" romantic "" gestures . observing details in schumann , ironically , helps to make the music speak more freely and honestly . this is n\'t honest music-making here , only a self-indulgent conductor once again plastering his image over the face of great art'
 'i really enjoyed this movie and felt it was better than the remake . both this one and the new one hold to a very similar story line'
 'i recently finished reading this book . this is really a great book and gave me some insight into my own behaviour . it would be fair to say that this book has great value to those who get through first 3 chapters and understand the theory behind rest of the book . some reviewers have written about the validity of the theory iteself . while i am not qualified to comment on these reviews , one thing i can definitely conclude is that this book provides a solid base to those who are trying to understand their own behaviour and trying to achieve improvements in it . a theory , that too developed quarter century ago , can not be expected to stand 100% vindicated today . the more importent question is what use you are trying to put it to . so may be for a psyciatrist this is not a great book but for a layman like myself this book explains most of the things . after reading this book i could find out why i behave the way i behave mostof the times . to a certain extent i learnt to control my responses . also i have a feeling that the claims made by dr. harris might be quite right in 1972 in light of the knowledge , then prevalent . second objection seems to be dividing 5 or 6 billion population in 4 types of people . i think this conclusion is far from correct . dr. harris has repeated said that most of the people belong to "" i am not ok and you are ok "" category . out of the remaining 3 cattttegories 2 are shared by people who have not had proper childhood and the fourth is achieved by enlightenment of an individual . the objective here is not to merely categorize , but to show that how most of us have the common position "" i am not ok and you are ok "" . now this should not be taken as a gross simplification of human nature , but as a fundamental problem in human psycology that prevents one from producing rational responses . third critisism on this book stems from the fact dr. harris seems to quote philosophers with whom he does not agree 100%. it seems ludicrous to suggest that one must agree 100% with somebody else to merely quote a subsection which both of them agree upon . i do n\'t think dr. harris wrote this book to declare to the world that he belongs to or believes in a certain academic thought 100%. the books surely derives from various thoughts put forward by various intellectuals ( with whom he does not agree 100% ) for the benefit of the reader . to call this approach pretentious is pretentious iteself . i feel that reader should not by biased by comments made by reviewers . read this book with an open mind . read the chapeters on pac and marriage , pac and children , pac and social implications , pac and moral values . in this world that is becoming more and more crooked every other day , it tries to teach something good ( and this good is not subjective or relative but absolute ) . thanks'
 ""after waiting months for an order to be filled and then getting screwed by customer service / returns , i decided never to buy from amazon again . go to an electronics or camera store , you 'll get better service and the fresh air will do you good""
 ""these songs are hacked up versons of rick 's music . i played it a couple of times until i got the library of original lps . the lps are better . at least they carry full versions of songs . i pass on rick and this package . rca cheats people out of good music. .""
 ""i have been using omnipage for several years at my law office and found that the ocr with this version is impeccable . i frequently scan and ocr newspaper and magazine articles . they are multi-column and the magazine articles typically have graphics and tables or charts . when i convert them into word documents i seldom get any formating errors . in fact , because the ocr is so good i have set up a batch process to run at night to ocr all the day 's work so my computer resoiurces are n't being taxed when i am in the office working . way to go nuance""
 ""this has a run down of the colts season from game one to the super bowl.thats it.do not expect the super bowl without commercials and edited down because thats not what this is.very disappointing.the afc championship game of the week is just a post game show.i would have loved to see at least the 2nd half of that game.it was better then the super bowl.the only good things where the few extras with manning and harrison wired for sound.i hope there is a better one come'n cause this is not worth much""
 'no longer intended to be a comprehensive reference , the guinness book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that are n\'t even actual records ( "" most overrated celebrity "" ) . if you \'re going to do this , why not offer one edition that plays it by the book ? so dies a noble institution'
 ""i was excited to plan out an interior design project with this tool , but ended up disappointed . they definately oversell it as an interior design tool . looking at the brochure online , i really think they must have touched up the images , because i do n't see any way that they could have created them with this product . as a matter of fact , the website punch interior design software package implies that they did just that . the reason i do n't give it 1 star is that the video tutorial section is really great . i wish all software had that .""
 'saved my love life , literally . it worked for me in a couple days and though its a tad pricey well worth the money , doesnt burn or sting either . if only all other stuff i used worked this good i coulda had a date to the prom . cause i tried everything . thanks princereign'
 ""i used to have some remington shaver that a friend bought me for the last 5 yrs . it was n't bad , but sometimes it irritated the skin . my first shaver was my dad 's old school norelco shaver so i thought i 'd give them a try again . the first one i got from amazon was $40 ( i forgot the model # ) and ended up sending it back to norelco for their 60 day guarantee . it was just alright . this one i feel about the same way . i mean it shaves decently , but as an asian male with not much facial hair , i still see that i have to shave every couple days which i prefer not to . the cleaning system is cool , and the fact that this shaver is so easy to clean ( it says you can open it up and run it under water which i 've been doing to clean it ) make it worthwhile to me though . the battery life is also good . if there was a half star system , i 'd give this shaver a 4.5 / 5""
 ""we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book""
 ""first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work""
 'art is a young man fresh out of college , and has a curious set of friends : arthur , an attractive gay man ; the enigmatic phlox with whom arthur works ; and the distinctly odd hedonist cleveland . art is uncertain of his sexuality , being torn between arthur and phlox . cleveland is a threat to the stability of anyone with whom he comes into contact . "" the mysteries of pittsburgh "" was a well-received , yet while at times i found it entertaining and witty , in truth it \'s a very bumpy piece of work in which the characters do n\'t really convince . the plot is unconvincing from the first , and descends into absurdity towards the end . in summary , it reads very much as a first effort , perhaps an experiment , but i found it baffling that anyone could consider it a mature piece of prose . g rodgers'
 'i bought this dvd becuase i really wanted to learn the dance moves in "" you got served "" and was extremely disappointed . the only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those , i do n\'t know . the freestlye section at the end is fun to watch , but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video'
 ""i was skeptical about buying this at first , but after seeing it in allure , and reading the various reviews on amazon , i decided to try it . i have to say , i was pleasantly surprised ; it does what it says . it wo n't work on cyctic acne or if the pimple has already come to a head . it does work on pimples that are just beginning. . those hard , tender knots deep under your skin you just know are going to be huge in a day or two . i 've used it on two pimples that were red bumps , and both were mostly gone within 24 hours . completely gone in less than 3 days . usually it would have taken 7-10 days for them to go away , and it would have been ugly""
 'exactly what i thought i was purchasing . shipped quickly . definately would recommend this seller'
 'this was for a friend and i have no feedbac'
 'i lost the weights the second day of use . bottom line the motion of the water as you swim unscrews the weights from the camera body . save your money on this one .'
 'compared to the conair 1 , 600w i have used for the past seven years or so it sounded incredibly loud and high-pitched when i first turned it on , but you may have a high-pitched blow dryer now- -compared to my old conair- -and wo n\'t notice a difference . it does n\'t have a cold air feature , which many women use regularly to either finish off their styling or to cause less damage to the hair ; or like me , in the summer when the option of switching from hot to cold is preferable . these two drawbacks , especially having only the hot at high or low setting , is why i give it four out of five , instead of five out of five star rating . pluses : price- -for $13 it ca n\'t be beat for the frugal shopper ; efficiency- -it blowdries my hair a bit faster than the conair did though i do n\'t understand the science behind that ; appearance- -it \'s cute and compact ; weight- -a toddler could wield this blow-dryer with ease ; carrying ease- -small enough to fit neatly in just about any drawer or a crammed gym bag , under the sink , et cetera . i have n\'t had this long enough to rate how durable it is , so i hope someone who \'s owned one for at least a year comes on to write , "" it \'s still going strong .'
 ""this thing is a cheap piece of plastic , and for the same price you can get the larger , nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well . i can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor . it has a nice design in terms of look and it 's compact . i also enjoy the lights for ambiance . but for relaxation , this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it 's worth""
 ""i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens .""
 ""this camera case is great . it 's very small and fits my coolpix 4600 perfectly . there is enough room to fit an extra memory card and some batteries ( but the batteries make it tight ) . i originally purchased the camera case listed for the 4600 , but it was a little bulky and the zipper could scratch the camera if you are n't careful . this camera case does not come with a strap like the other , but that is something i would never use . i highly recommend this case for those who want a small sleek case to protect their camera .""
 ""i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good""
 ""i would recommend the power of simplicity to everyone . this book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy . the idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life . this book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy . although the book is considered an educational read , i feel that it is extremily entertaining as well . it 's just an interesting book , it doesnt get much simpler than that""
 'i believe this will be very helpful for christian people to understand who god is through the life'
 ""for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back .""
 ""i 'm very impressed with how non intrusive this software is . i used norton for approximately 5 years before i changed to bit defender . i did n't realize how bogged down my system was until i made the change . the system scan is very quick ( approx . 8-10 minutes in comparison to 20-25 minutes from norton ) . i do n't even notice when the software is updating . i 'm very pleased with the program thus far and i highly recommend it""
 'i bought two of these for my son....hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night , without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident . this pad is definitely leakproof . the only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing....that is not the case . i have tried it with jersey sheets , and flannel sheets...but it does move alot and get bunched up . so , i do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night . if i had it to do over again , i would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps .'
 ""i really want to like thich nhat hanh 's books . i want to because people i respect like them , because i believe in the value of mindful living.. . but the truth is that i did n't find this book very helpful . i have real and continuing struggles with anger and this book while interesting in a round about way is , as others have mentioned , not directed toward the problem of anger . it is a mindful living remix . i 'm going to keep searching for a great tnh book and when i do i 'll recommend it . good hunting""
 ""this would be a great item except it is n't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right . our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us""
 'i have not yet used an fz30 or fz50 , but i think this thing beats the pants off an fz5 or fz10 as far as image quality is concerned . really nice camera . has a nice dslr type feel . 71% of people that check out the fz20 here actually end up buying the fz7 , ( as of today ) but i do not believe the iq of the fz7 could hold a candle to that of the fz20. buyers may be on the *more megapixel* bandwagon . you can do a lot with 5 megapixels . i have found that the iq of the fz20 is very close to that of a dslr'
 ""i purchused this for my daughter with vision then my vision impaired daughter used it while she was at home she loved it , so now i 'm buying her one for her new ap""
 ""jack nicholson in this shameless attempt at comedy plays a dog trainer of all professions who gets involved with an oprea singer who is caught up in the underworld of crime . critcally embarssing to nicohlson 's carrer but jack has done much better to cover this mistake . a minor film with good talent gone to waste , a film way below par considering the re-teaming of director bob rafelson & amp ; nicholson from & quot ; five easy pieces&quot""
 ""the mia series are great for our family . the kids always look forward to playing their mia games . they have the math adventure and grandmas remedy . the two disc thing is confusing...but really does n't interrupt play . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because it can be a little glitchy sometimes...mia will get stuck somewhere and not respond . we just go back to a game saved in a similar spot and restart . so it 's not too big a deal .""
 'this is a nice item to add to a collection of d&d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never "" compelled "" by the story . i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game. .'
 'i \'ve had one of these little trimmers for four or five years now . it does its jobs , and i \'ve have no reliability problems at all . one word of advice - - do n\'t use it on "" the boys "" without the little plastic guard or you \'ll be sorry. .'
 ""as a contemporary of joan baez ( age-wise ) , i loved her early music and the power of her incredible voice . i even empathize with much of her politics , but unfortunately it 's time she rested on her laurels . her voice on this cd is quite far removed from what she was once capable of , and in fact i would have to say that there is no comparison between her vocal ability on bowery songs , and her earlier quality . like some professional athletes , she seems to not know when to quit.. .""
 ""good : motor drive speed . grip feel . takes nikon lenses . reacts fast to pressing the shutter release . bad : skin tone renditions a color other than skin . white balance does n't balance well . noise at anything above iso 200 , looks like 3200. cf card door tough to open . screen fogs if you breathe when you shoot . battery cover is not part of the battery . button placement not as intuitive as on the d100. 4.1mp allows for virtually no cropping of enlargements . dumped mine a month after i got it""
 ""je suis un peu d\x1a\x1au par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . \x1aa tra\x1ane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre \x1a l' \x1apoque aussi ! \x1aa \x1a qd m\x1ame 13 ans""
 ""i really wanted to like this product after reading all their hype about how quick and easy it is . not . the motor in it heats up quickly and the thing stops working . you wait about 20 minutes for it to cool down and it will start up again . but by the time you are getting results in one area of your foot , the thing heats up and stops working again . i went through four intervals of effective operation , heat build-up causing it to quit , waiting a long time for it cool off before starting up again . finally i decided it is n't worth the time and aggravation , even though it produced good results during the intermittent periods when it worked . one more thing - - when i gave up and decided to return it , i took my duracell batteries out and they were blazingly hot . i worry that it might be possible for the batteries to explode from the hot-running motor . i 've never seen batteries get scalding hot like this . update : found something much better after returninng the artemis , i tried the medicool pedisenso professional pedicure appliance . this one costs 5 times the price of the artemis but is soooo much better it is well worth it . the medicool is plug-in electric and has much more power than the battery operated artemis . it has variable speeds , 5 different sapphire filing attachments , and enough power to operate as long as you need . the sapphire files are different shapes and sizes and should last a lifetime , whereas the artemis requires repeated purchases of its disposable filing heads and batteries . so over time the costs of owning the artemis will add up - - if the overly hot motor does not burn out . if you have serious callouses and corns , like i do , the medicool pedisenso will do a very serious , rewarding job . i 'm so glad i found it and i am grateful for the relief it provides""
 'seems a little much to pay for an "" extension cord "" but upon receipt i see it is of very high quality and nice build on the connectors . plus , its a brand item from canon , so what can you do'
 ""i was deeply disappointed by the so-called & quot ; return of the funk&quot ; with the headhunters reuniting with their original lineup . as compared to herbie hancock 's original & quot ; headhunters&quot ; release , the return of the headhunters is missing one main ingredient , the grease . this recent release has traded the & quot ; grits and gravy&quot ; created by the sounds of overdriven analog equipment and early model synthesizers , for over-produced smooth jazz-funk , complete with overused n'dea davenport r&amp ; b hooks that left this album flat""
 ""i am proud of the fact that i hold two degrees like many women . do i work ? no . i have chosen a different path . i have no children , married later in life , and gave up a wonderful job of two decades to care for my ill husband . do i feel that i have no confidence nor respect ? no . and from whom or what is this respect supposed to come from ? caring for your family has nothing to do with any of this . i admire women who stay home to care for their families . when you have love , who gives a hoot what anyone else thinks . personally , i find this book a little depressing , and i wo n't read it""
 ""i usually do n't do album reviews but i gotta say this was tight from beginning to end and i was shook that this was given a low reading by a magazine i call & quot ; the sauce&quot ; so many of yall need to stop reading magazine ratings and come to sites likes this and read your own peers ratings . word of mouth is bliss . a-g-2-a-ke who came out on rap-a-lot has n't come out with a cd since this classic . i 'm salty they did n't & quot ; make it&quot ; because this was heavily slept on""
 'for anyone on the fence about these , jump over to my side ; ) my ( then ) 2 year old had gotten a hold of my husband \'s permanent black marker . we just bought a brand new refrigerator . i turned my back for a few moments , and when i looked back , she had scribbled *all over* my new fridge . i tried bleach , soap , scrubby sponges.. . nothing worked . my first new appliance was ruined ! on a whim i bought this . ( could n\'t hurt , right ? ) it got it off immediately ! ( i had to press a little bit to get it out of the grooves . ) i was so excited , i started running around my house trying to find things to scrub.. . i know that it removes shoe scuffs with ease , markers or crayons from walls , and a multitude of other "" sins "" your children may commit against your home .'
 'i found this software very difficult to use . it does not have any "" stop "" or "" go back "" button . the only way to exit an activity is to hit "" esc "" button to exit the program and then start all over . when starting over , there is a very lengthy annimated introduction you have to go over each time and i could not find a way to skip it'
 ""i do n't know if it makes your hair shiny or not ( i never noticed increased shine ) however , i do think it does it does a nice job . it worked better when my hair was around shoulder length , but it puts a nice curl in your hair and as long as it 's not too humid out , it stays in . now that my hair is down to my waist , it does n't hold curl anymore . just a little on the ends and if it 's even a little humid , forget it . the main thing that bothers me about this set is the clips that hold the rollers in . i do n't know what they were thinking , but they really suck . they pull on your hair a little while they 're holding the roller in and make you look an awful lot like madusa . anyone who happens to see you will most certainly have a few jokes and laughs""
 'the camera has really amazing features . but it also has an outrageously major focus weekness . i made a mistake of buying one'
 'i have read all of the karen rose books and i continue to love every one of them . the other reviews go into great depth explaining the plot so i won\'t . the best review i can give an author is when i can honestly say "" i ca n\'t put it down ! "" when i fall asleep at work due to reading all night i can tell you it was a karen rose book . "" nothing to fear "" did not diappoint me yet thrilled me with more suspense and visual images than most of karens books . i honestly can say that i wish she wrote 10 times faster so i would n\'t have to wait so long for another book to get published . when i meet a friend or stranger reading romance i ca n\'t help but recommend a karen rose book . this is my latest favorite of hers . keep writing karen !'
 ""this cd was devoid of any of govi 's usual emotional imprint or soaring guitar work . frankly , it was just a bunch of new age background noise that one would hear on elevators . some of the craig chaquico-style stuff was interesting , but better left to craig . try 7th heaven , mosaico or guitar odyssey instead""
 'i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so "" out there "" that when you first hear one of their cd\'s ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n\'t like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we \'ve got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n\'t have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 \'s kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country \'s kind of cool , too . and dracula \'s got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it \'s really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n\'t really that good . i do n\'t know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n\'t have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band .'
 'i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run'
 'this movie was very hard to find . found it in dvd an it was new'
 ""this film has some good actors in it but the plot is pretty shaky and hard to follow at times . it is not comparable to other great westerns made during the sixties . eli wallach is good but confusing- -who and what is he after ? the color is good and it sounds like a sergo leone picure but it isn't . what a shame ! ! ! it could have been made better- -less comedy and more plot and of course - -action and suspense ! ! ! ! buy or rent on your own if you dare- -- -i would n't""
 ""i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ?""
 'this product is extremely difficult to learn . i recently purchased two more expensive manuals ro learn the process and also the tutorials the company has are beyond the average users learning .'
 ""nizoral anti-dandruff shampoo seems to be a very good product . i noticed a difference the first time i used it - - there was no residue on my scalp , and my flakiness was greatly reduced . it produced a very rich lather , also . the only thing i did n't like about it was the possibility that i 'd have an allergic reaction to the ingredients , but the instructions did n't tell which ingredients might make this happen . i , myself , am sensitive to many products , and did n't have any reaction to the ingredients of the shampoo . i would recommend this product to others""
 'i love this band and have all the rest of their cds'
 'hey , brrrrruuuuuccce ! what \'s the deal ? just about every major top 40 artist has had their catalogs sonically updated except yours . why can we buy the "" tracks "" editions , and get glorious hdcd-encoded sound , but "" town "" sounds like it \'s coming out an am radio ? ok , you did your best , but dubya \'s back in the white house for the next four years , and kerry \'s home in his underwear watching the weather channel . you should have plenty of time on your hands now.. . get busy ! let \'s see some remastering !'
 'it was amazing when i read this , how self centered and morally wrong this man was . it makes me sick to my stumach to read it . this was nothing more then glorifing his looting and murdering in cold blood . if you have a chance skip this one and read somthing like "" company commander "" or "" band of brothers "" somthing worth while'
 'this is the first piece of writing i have read from albert camus and i found it very interesting . the character meursault is a very indifferent character who seems to be very impartial when he hears of his mother \'s death and kind of continues to be static untill the the second half of the book . i do not want to give the book away as some of the others have , but i feel that no matter what one person does and no matter what ones perception is , it can never match the perception of others . one of my favorite lines in the story is when meursault is talking to the chaplain about seeking redemption through god because according th chaplain "" it is not the human justice that matters but divine justice "" and meursault \'s response was "" it was the human justice that put me here "" . no matter what acts you commit , whether they be henous , incensitive or loving , one way or another you will be judged and upon that judgement will be your sentence . it was definitely an easy read that takes the readers on a ride into the thoughts of a man who accepts the one thing he can not change ; his fate . "" with this , i dont even have a chance to survive , not even a slim one ""'
 ""most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one""
 ""mississippi and sugar baby are great songs , up there with the best dylan has done . however , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . still , i suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over 40 years performing and recording . the same cannot be said for ' 60s peers like paul mccartney or the stones . overall , time out of mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only not dark yet , standing in the doorway and trying to get to heaven truly belonging to the canon of great bob songs .""
 ""i 've tried for literally the last 6 years to find a way to straighten my hair ( and have it stay straight ) ! i am happy to say that i 've finally found something that works ! i 've had many different straighteners , and this one is by far the best . i have long curly hair , and this straightener gets it done in about 20 minutes . much better than the hour i 'm used to . plus , the straightening lasts . my hair stays completely flat all day , instead of curling up on the ends like it did with my other straightener . you simply ca n't get better than this !""
 'for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended'
 'all i needed was to upgrade the hard drive on my dell laptop , so i got acronis true image version 9 for half the price of the current version 10. i put the new hard drive ( right off the sealed box ) into a usb caddy that i got on ebay for $6 , plugged it into the usb port , and ran acronis 9. selected the "" clone drive "" wizard , and less than an hour later it was done . no need to cross my fingers.. . the new drive booted right up , and i \'m using it now to write this review . what could be easier'
 ""lou reed rocks ! ! ! dude ! ! but methinks this collection dost not . the tunes are all good , but there are n't very many of them , and the sound is deplorable , in that inimitable rca-first-cd-edition sort of way ( fans of the jefferson airplane and harry nilsson know what i 'm talking about ) . a much better jumping off point would be & quot ; different times : lou reed in the 70's &quot ; , or , even better , check out & quot ; transformer&quot ; or & quot ; rock ' n ' roll animal&quot ;""
 'i have used quickbooks basic for a number of years both in my church and for my business . i have kept qb 2004 basic since the upgrades were not immediately necessary for me . i chose to upgrade this year to keep current on maintenance , etc. so again i chose the most basic product offered - "" simple start "" . i received it just fine and it installed perfectly . however , it does not upgrade any previous qb files . as i investigated , intuit says that it wo n\'t upgrade files from previous qb versions on their web site ( albeit in small print ) and on the product box itself , but that was not ever mentioned in the amazon listing . so then i had to upgrade to the next higher version - an additional $80. qb pro also works very well ; it \'s just a shame that intuit insists on misleading customers by not providing full information through all marketing channels . the intuit phone rep also tried to overcharge me $20 for the upgrade but quickly accepted the correct amount when i pointed out their error a second time .'
 'i am a single mom and have never done my taxes by myself . the cost to have taxes done is ridiculous . this is the best thing ever . it walks you thru everything and is very easy to use . i will buy this product again next year. .'
 ""for a plot synopsis please read the amazon review . i wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film . as a longtime fan of both sam raimi ( of the evil dead series ) and bill paxton ( aliens , twister ) , i went to see this on opening night . not many people can claim this i 'm sure because it was and is , such a small film that received next to no marketing . for shame . this film is in the best tradition of modern film noir including blood simple and fargo , both made by the cohen brothers . film buffs will be able to draw the connections to those films and their filmakers , so i wo n't bother to get into that . should you have seen either of these films and enjoyed them , i suggest you stop reading and immediately rent a simple plan . if not , keep reading and i will try to express why this film is so remarkably brilliant . and why i hope you will take a look at it . a simple plan is , at its core , about four people . and underneath all the plot devices and twists , it 's about how they relate to one another . notice i did't say characters , because this film does n't have actors simply delivering dialogue . it 's about people you get to know , understand and sympathise with as they undergo the most brutal of dilemmas . sure , finding a mysterious bag filled with money is an excellent plot device , but the heart of this film is much simpler than that . it 's about the basic human flaw of committing a criminal act and trying to weasel your way out of it . and being forced to do the most unthinkable things in the process . that 's what gives this film such depth . you watch these people try to figure out how to cover every angle so they can get away with stealing a whole lot of cash . and in the end it falls apart for two reasons : the details and the human factor . they say the devil is in the details and this is never truer than with a crime . as for the human factor , where greed is concerned , people cannot trust one another because they fear the other person 's greed while are unable satisfy their own . in many respects this film is almost an homage to blood simple and fargo , but in many ways i think it is superior . i often draw the comparison by a scene which is both a simple plan and blood simple where a body is increasingly difficult to dispose of . and even afterwards , after the emotional toll the has been taken , once one evil act is committed , another is sure to follow . it 's so painfully facsinating to watch a person work out their problem on camera , frantically going over the details in their mind , all the while their heart is beating a mile a minute . bill paxton does this better than anyone . he is such a likable man ( both in the film and in life ) that you ca n't help but feel sorry for the mess he has created . his entire performance is a balancing act between getting away with a seemingly harmless crime , keeping his partners at bay and their mouths shut while being prodded along by his conspirator wife . that may make them all sound malicious , but really the opposite is actually true . they 're all normal folks , like we 've all seen a hundred times . and in the end it really gets to you because you can imagine how you would react in the same situations they find themselves in . after all , were you faced with the choice to steal a couple million dollars that no one would miss , what would you do ? but then again , nothing is ever that simple""
 ""after looking into several reviews on blow dryers , i learned about the revlon tourmaline . all of the reviews were so positive . i 've been suprised at how light the dryer is and how easy the controls are . the placement could n't be better on the controls . the price was right as well ! blow dryers in this class are generally much more expensive . a very good value""
 'system mechanic 6 professional is an excellent product and it solved all the problems i was having with my computer . it also alerts you of impending problems . i highly recommends this product .'
 ""i did a fast skimming through this book and noticed that for an essential monster movie guide , it certainly does n't praise or hype the genre that well . this book comes across like it was written by an elitist who 's too good for horror . nearly every movie / special gets a low rating and i ca n't understand why a book like this that could 've been a good companion to the horror fan would be so anti-horror as a whole . horror fans , in general , want to be be entertained and or scared...i for one do n't want logical stories and things that make sense if it detracts from the entertainment factor because typically what makes sense and uses logic in horror is boring . it gets 2 stars from me because it offers a diverse selection of films and includes mini biographies of horror legends like vincent price , christopher lee , peter cushing , lon chaney , boris karloff , etc. but for a horror movie book , the writers certainly did n't help their genre by bad-mouthing it so much in this book""
 ""i bought this lamp because it says it doesnt give off any glare and is easy on the eyes for reading , doing crafts , sewing.......... . well it doesnt giove off much light either ! ! ! ! so you need another source of light in your work area also........ . i didnt think it would fill up the room with beautiful natural light but c'mon.........all in all its an overpriced night light ! !""
 'with these weights i was able to send my canon powershot s70 to the bottom of the atlantic , and i have great faith that they will keep it there . reliable , and more professional than a brick'
 ""if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available .""
 'bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . "" h "" , "" touchdown "" , "" grand piano cannyon "" . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including "" x "" - do n\'t meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on "" tournabout "" - but then the song falls back again to old routine . "" screenplay "" is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n\'t get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please'
 ""i like to have natural sounds or some type of ' yoga style ' music while i 'm either practicing yoga or just trying to relax . this cd just did n't fit . there are a few ok ' songs ' but the rest of it is either too fast / upbeat or there 's too much talking / chanting . i found myself distracted when i put this cd on""
 ""i did not think , that the women juliet lewis , plays in this movie was mentally retatrted , i think she just has a disablity.\\ i hate that lable , if someone can walk and talk , and learn . i do n't think so .""
 'i am totally satisfied with thids product so far . of course if the batteries run out of charge after a few charges i will be dissatisfied . i expect them to last tens of reusses if experience can be of any guideline'
 'this book reads like a horror novel . by allowing her dogs ( as well as another one in her care ) to roam freely throughout an urban area crisscrossed by busy roads , the author demonstrates her utter disregard for the animals \' welfare . not to mention the antisocial attitude she displays with her total inconsideration for her neighbors , and for the countless strangers kind enough to phone when her lost dogs seek refuge on their doorsteps . oh , and let \'s not forget the dozens of shelter dogs killed because their potential adoptive homes were filled by the plethora of puppies spawned by the author \'s choice not to spay and neuter her animals . this book moves at a peppy pace , and might have been interesting ( albeit morally reprehensible ) if the author \'s "" observations "" actually provided any insight . but those eighteen-wheelers on the alewife parkway veered closer to poor misha than the author \'s whimsical interpretations stray within range of scientific evidence . case in point : she is so clueless about the reality of canine behavior that she inadvertently allows one of her dogs to kill another one \'s litter of puppies . oops ! any genuine dog lover ( or any human with an ounce of compassion and common sense ) will despise this book . a previous reviewer hit the nail on the head : if "" feelings "" are your road map to life , you might enjoy this book . if you regularly take your brain out for walk , forget it . calling this a meaningful book about dogs is like calling "" jonathan livingston seagull "" the definitive text on marine fowl'
 'i purchased this camera in december 2005 to replace my 7 year old sony digital 8 camcorder . unfortunately , everything except size is inferior in the panasonic compared to the "" ancient "" sony . the color is not nearly as sharp , the low light capabilities are laughable and the battery lasts half as long . the sound quality was adequate if not watching playback on the camera itself . the camera \'s highest volume setting is too low to use if you want to listen while loading video into your computer \'s editing program . the panasonic does have a relatively convenient manual exposure feature many other minidv camcorders lack . this allows better light control when shooting in auditoriums with spotlights . it uses a toggle to control the exposure and , while it is not as easy as the external thumb wheel on the sony , it is adequate . unfortunately , it functions so poorly in low light it would n\'t provide adequate color in an auditorium . i thought the image stabilization would be a great feature but my video is much shakier with the panasonic than my old sony . maybe it \'s because the camera is so small it \'s hard to keep as stable as the larger sony . video editing on a pc is equally easy on the sony and panasonic but the panasonic \'s poor user manual would make it very difficult for a novice to figure out and your picture quality will be much better with sony \'s digital 8. if you do n\'t have to record in minidv format or have a built in 3 megapixel still camera , i \'d recommend buying an inexpensive sony digital8 for about a third of the price of the gs250. if you do have to have a minidv camera and you wo n\'t be shooting in bright sunlight , try another brand . this upper end 3ccd camcorder will now have a home on a closet shelf where it will stay unless i need a very small camera to chase action in a cross country race or similar event on a sunny day . otherwise , i \'ll use the old sony so i can share the video i shoot without being embarrassed about the picture quality'
 'golijov \'s music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own "" enlightened "" weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks \' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank .'
 'this is a great product . a friend told me about it . i finally decided to get one . i had bleeding gums . in two weeks of regular use , bleeding has stopped and i can see that my teeth is getting whiter and and my gums are great . just be careful when using the water jet side . you must turn it on with the flossing part in your mouth , or it will spray all over the place :'
 ""i purchased the book with the intention of teaching myself all the core material in it . the material offers readers a limited number of examples per chapter per section . while these examples may sometimes make you wish for added detail , ultimately there is enough explanation to pull the reader through . be sure you understand the previous chapter before moving onto the next or you will most likely get lost . in the end i was very satisfied with my order . listen to me...if your at least decent in math you 'll do just fine following this algebra 2 textbook""
 ""they say all the major characters come back in ` stitch the movie , ' quickly made direct-to-video sequel to the hugely popular ` lilo and stitch . ' for me , the original film 's most appealing part is , and will be , lilo and stitch , one of the most delightful characters disney created in the last decade . do we still need pleakley when we have stitch ? how about cobra ? or some alien whose name you have forgotten ? do we need them ? no , i do n't think so . but ` stitch the movie ' crammed all these characters into this small film of which running time barely exceeds one hour , together with a weak story that repeats exactly what the original was doing . the original 's idea of ` ohana ' or ` family ' is changed to ` cousin ' this time , but for most of the viewers this is literally a twice-told story , no longer attractive enough . what makes us feel short-changed is , however , the lack of music and scenery , the impressive parts of ` lilo and stitch . ' instead of elvis songs , they have thrown in parodies or homage to other films and tvs like monty python and ed wood , completely missing the target audiences who would buy this dvd to experience the joyful sound and rhythm of this great singer . moreover , the charming , water-color hawaiian scenery is reduced to the generic , unimaginative backdrop which is barely ok even by the lower standard of the disney 's cheap sequels . the only saving grace is the presence of the actors who provided the voices to the characters . except that , and the funny but brief scenes about the lovely pair lilo and stitch , ` stitch the movie ' looks like a pilot film for the original . or perhaps it is .""
 'after a quick internet search i found many reviews on amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local barnes & noble that same night . dr. whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions ! in my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors . we have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers . however , if at home you are on dr. whitley \'s 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front . although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of "" mr. rogers "" in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents . of course , that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he / she is capable of "" frightening "" resistance . obviously , professional help with someone in-tuned with dr. whitley \'s methods would be more advisable than his book ! to me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders . these kids still have some moldability and are n\'t as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem ( i.e. depression ) . for the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author ; 0 )'
 'its a pretty good mix , good song choices , its mostly a harder mix , thought it could be smoother flowing though , but all in all its pretty good , also thought the robot walk to the party deal woulda made a better begining , it was a lot of down time during the middle of the cd , but hey people gotta switch it up now and then , like the last 3 / 4s better.. .'
 'it was n\'t the easiest thing to transfer photos from a computer and to delete the "" samples "" on the frame was no picnic either , but once learned it becomes easier . i went from frustrated to happy , soon enough'
 'why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .'
 'how can you rate something that has n\'t been released ? especially since lionsgate ruined season 5 by releasing the shortened syndicated versions while still writing on the box "" the complete 5th season "" . debbie harry is credited on the box while her scene was omitted . this along with many others.. . they completely ruined the boxed set by issuing shortened , crappy syndicated episodes . this is coming from a huge w&g fan , or should i say k&j fan'
 ""molly , daughter or richard - i usually write positive reviews on this site but not this time . why on earth do dermatologists recommend this s*** ? last year my hormones were all out of wack and i had a period for a whole month . i broke out severely as one would expect . dermatologists ( including mine ) swear by this aweful chetaphil . i hate it ! it wasnt strong enough for my skin . it made my acne even worse if you can imagine ! i 'd been using it for four months when i finally decided enough was enough and i started using neutrogena frangrance free facial cleanser . that change made all the difference in the world ! i still do have acne but now it is mild acne instead of severe acne . now its mostly just old , light scarring and the occasional breakouts around my chin and lips the week before my period . one of my friends is a dietition and she also has used cetaphil and didnt like it at all . please do not buy cetaphil even if your dermatologist recommends it . you will totally regret it""
 ""as a fan of pete seeger 's music , i bought this cd in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . disappointingly , i 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . i may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable & quot ; best-of&quot ; set , but i 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of pete 's fine albums such as the carnegie hall classic""
 'i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program .'
 ""i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer , 24 episodes of absolute delight await you""
 'a book full of heartwarming stories from country stars , singers , writers , and listeners , or so the back of the book said . as i read some sentimental stories , and some down right boring stories i questioned how more than half of these stories got into the ` country1 edition of the chicken soup series . i loved about three stories , liked about ten , and was puzzled by all the other entries'
 'myths are important , but they should not be labeled history . 1. george washington was not a great guerilla leader ; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines- -just like the redcoats . washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops . 2. ronald reagan did not begin the nuclear "" disarming "" of the soviet union . eisenhower and kennedy tried , but ( lbj ? ) nixon and carter were able to bring the abm treaty , the salt treaties and he start treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals . reagan did have success with theater wrapons in europe , but the "" big nukes "" that could end civilization were already being cut back . this is an interesting book about reagan and peggy noonan , but some of the history cited is wrong'
 ""this replacement battery is half the cost of canon 's yet offers longer life . i bought it when i first got my sd10. when one battery runs out , the spare goes in . the lenmar still works great while the canon is near end life ! i am buying two more since they are so cheap ! do not buy no name batteries on ebay . they do not last worth a darn and are basically a waste of money ! do n't do it. .""
 ""i bought this as a trial product , because the other stuff that i bought did n't work as what they advertise it . but this dusters picks up the dust instead of pushing to another place . this refills is quite cheap and it make my cleaning job much easier""
 'i had used some third party batteries with 15 minute charger , that used to die for 10 photoes or so . this canon one seems to realllly laaast looong.. .'
 'i watched this film yesterday at a library , and found its lack of depth and analysis to be dumbfounding . during the first minute , they tell how the revolution began when high bread prices sparked a violent uprising . during the next 99 minutes they narrate the chronological events of increasing violence , using acted scenes , fake blood and sound bytes from "" scholars "" , to give a "" play-by-play "" summary of the carnage and beheadings , leading up to a mention of napoleon . during the last thirty seconds , they surprisingly conclude by saying that the french revolution was a very good thing , because it inspired china and vietnam and because louis was a tyrant . prior to this little or no mention had been made of louis \' tyranny , although the film had dwelt on his bedroom difficulties in some detail and also mentioned his weight problem a few times . after watching 90 minutes of bloody scenes , i found the films conclusion that the french revolution was a good thing to be an incomprehensible non sequitur . i would have liked to have seen some historical analysis to support this conclusion'
 'i bought this gadget with the intent of monitoring my daily steps to get an idea of where i was currently to establish some sort of baseline so that i could get a reality check on my activity levels . i opened the box , read the easy directions , set up my personal step measurement ( just measure off the distance of your 10 steps ) , and clipped it on my pants and forgot about it for the day . i was surprised to find out that a corpse could probably move around more during the day than me ! over the next 6 days , ( this pedometer keeps track of 7 days of steps for you ) ; i literally stepped up my game and went from 756 steps with no aerobic exercise on day 1 , to 7 , 880 steps with 30 minutes of nonstop aerobic exercise on day 3 ! every day has been getting easier to achieve the 10 , 000 "" normal "" steps , and increasing the aerobic steps too ( which are tracked separately ) . i can press the mode button , check out how many miles my steps translate to , kilocalories burned , aerobic steps , and compare it with the past 7 days as well . it has turned out to be even more fun than what i originally bought it for . i actually feel better , and the fun part is that i am trying to beat my own personal record from the previous day ! this has been an eye-opening experience for me , and i keep this on or in my pocket all the time now , just to make sure i keep a mindful eye on my steps and aerobic activity for the day'
 'this guy is amazing . i keep playing this for people and they love it and tell me they have never heard anything like it . i even got a huge discount at the auto shop for just having this cd . after the mechanic took my car from the parking lot and listened to one minute of this , he came in and said "" that sounds crazy ! you have to let me copy this "" after getting a nice chunk of cash taken off my bill , this cd already paid for itself and never collects dust . i know everyone compares clark to aphex twin , boards of canada , and autechre , but for good intentions . he is already that good , after just a few releases'
 'kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album'
 ""i remember really liking this album when it was first released , even though i could tell it was not in the same league as the real thing or angel dust . listening to the album now , i realise it is by far the worst fnm album since mike patton joined . the whole album feels very rushed , it has a sparse , raw sound , very different to angel dust 's polish . the music is generally very simple with many tracks sounding like b-sides and lacks the consistent melodiousness and sense of rhythm of their previous two classic albums . it was a shame to see guitarist jim martin depart . he had an unmistakable style and crunching guitar sound and was an integral part of fnm 's style and make up . however , being replaced ( for a short time anyway ) by trey spruance is no bad thing - anyone familiar with his work with mr bungle will know he is a genius with a guitar and his work here on king for a day is excellent , it 's just a shame that the material he has to work with is largely uninspired . how ironic then that on such a disappointing album , fnm produce one of their greatest ever tracks - the title track is pure genius , full of the care and effort , rhythm and melodiousness fnm were famous for . beginning with a great bass riff and acoustic strum , it is soon joined by a gentle female voice effect and simple minor piano scale and then brilliantly builds into a tour de force of percussion and guitar work before cleverly returning to the gentle acoustic sounds of the intro where it carefully takes 2 and a half minutes to wind down beautifully - this is fnm as you 'd expect them . another track that deserves special mention is cuckoo or caca , a great metal piece with excellent percussion and keyboards and crazy vocals . it 's scorching and funy and another reminder of the greatness fnm once held in abundance . it 's just a shame that these moments of inspiration are surrounded by so much surprising blandness ( caralho voador , take this bottle , the last to know ) and 2nd rate metal ( ugly in the morning , what a day , get out ) . star a.d. could have been vintage fnm but in the end falls flat , evidence starts off interestingly enough but soon gets boring and metal tracks like ricochet , the gentle art of making enemies and digging the grave are simple and sound like what most student bands are writing . however , the album does end on another note of vintage fnm - just a man is funny and catchy with patton having fun doing his tom jones impression and the inclusion of a gospel choir at the end is inspired - you find yourself not wanting it to end . patton 's vocals throughout the album are still amazing but should be accompanying much better material and you ca n't help but feel he was a little bored here - i think his heart always really lay with the far superior mr bungle , where he really shone and where his voice was absolutely perfect for the complex and avant garde material . i suppose it 's not surprising that king for a day is a largely empty affair , the departure of jim martin and the diminished presence of roddy bottum at rehearsals meant that fnm 's original chemistry and resources were sadly lacking and so were unable to achieve what they once had been able to . it 's really an album for faith no more fans , it 's certainly no classic despite some classic material and i feel it was the beginning of the end for fnm , they would improve with their next album , album of the year - but only marginally .""
 'by the title i would be led to believe that there is more than one george story . there is one george and a few others , one of which scares my 2 1 / 2 year old . i thought the stories would be animated . however , some ( including george ) are pictures from a story book . we love to read books , but videos should be more than photos of a story book . would not recommend this'
 'i bought this for my mom for christmas . i have the same one . i take mine on every trip i go on . she always says she needs one . my whole life i have been a light sleeper and now i sleep through almost everything ( sometimes even my alarm )'
 'i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm .'
 ""i was searching for a two inch curling iron for a while . i have had so -so dealings with gold n hot in the past so i was a little nervous but i purchased this one anyway . so far , so good . it 's surprisingly light ( at least compared to my one inch ceramic tools curling iron ) . i usually let my hair air dry and use my curling irons to straighten my hair as i curl the ends ( i 'm black with a relaxer . ) i have yet to do it with this one . although i might try b / c it gets really hot . ( i usually have it on around 20-25 out of 30 ) the only problem is that the ceramic can chip off ( it happened with the first one i bought , but i returned it and got a new one that has n't chipped so far ) and it 's so big that if you take your thumb off the spring grip , it can be hard to get it back on ( i have huge hands too .""
 'a tenor very quickly on the rise , this is villazon \'s second recital disc , one devoted to arias by gounod and massenet , all in sets of three , three for massenet , and two for gounod . while still showing great promise , some concerns that were mildly serious with the first disc are even more so , in the french repertoire , in part because diction comes up so short here . "" o souverain "" from le cid continues to show villazon \'s command of line and squeezed but adequately forceful upper register , so that the volume boosts from the control room are really unnecessary . diction here is already an issue , as many ` u \' vowels get dipthonged , especially when villazon \'s sound is placed back for added weight and volume . ` la reve \' from massenet \'s manon is comfortably floated , with support from natalie dessay as manon enhancing the intimacy of feeling to this number . would villazon been able to sing the short aria by alain ( who appears to the heroine at first to perhaps be little more than an apparition - shades of frau ohne schatten perhaps ? - in almost a chamber opera ) , from massenet \'s griselidis ( track 8 ) , at least as softly and lightly , as both the music and dramatic situation require , this could have also been very successful . he instead turns the aba shape of this mere chanson inside out and makes a wreck of it . the less often excerpted "" lorsque enfant "" from werther closes out the first massenet set , as does "" pourquoi me reveiller "" the second . villazon \'s identification with the distraught main character of this opera is abundantly clear in both . he capitalizes well on the quixotic emotions and dreamy tendencies of the distraught main character especially well in the first selection , and he is also less intruded upon by the producers or sound engineers there as well . it is quite curious how the control room follows the tenor up a crescendo on a line that closes out the first section of the excerpt here from massenet \'s roi de lahore , featuring a hero ( from hindu myth ) that bound to certain stipulations , has literally returned from the dead . not quite as ostentatious as massenet \'s near remake of lohengrin , esclarmonde ( but with female protagonist instead ) , it is one of massenet \'s most colorful scores . it has only been recorded complete once commercially , with joan sutherland , luis lima , and appearing only ten minutes apart , james morris , and for the part of general unfortunately eliminated from this scene here , john tomlinson , along with one other cut to villazon \'s part . it would \'ve been more valuable to have all this complete instead of one or two other arias . he captures the incipiently worried tone of alim well , but his coloring up the vowel sounds makes it seem that he has come from a place as remote from french culture as where the opera takes place . most successful of the gounod selections are two of the three rarities . the first is source delicieuse from polyeucte , based on the corneille play . it opens very well with a minute of orchestral cortege . it perhaps has only been recorded once before and well , by roberto alagna ten years ago ; villazon conveys the heroism of the piece somewhat well , if not as securely as alagna . anges du paradis from mireille ( which mirella freni championed and recorded complete for emi ) , is third , perhaps a study for ah leve toi , soleil ( romeo ) , several years down the road . the second gounod rarity on this disc is "" inspirez-moi , race divine , "" said to be a caruso favorite , from reine de saba . its text indicates king solomon \'s prize hired builder , adoniram , to be a very confident , if mildly haughty chap . villazon \'s interpretation seems to portray a hero that constantly has to look behind his back , with all the incipiently yet controllably vibrato ridden throb and backphrasing villazon engages in here . the high c at the end , however , is convincing . such device as in the above , also accents and colors most phrasing in the tomb scene from romeo et juliette . "" ah ! leve toi soleil "" opens the first gounod set , and is sung with the right ardor , conventionally marked by tiny captured scoops , coming off phrases . villazon \'s entrance and two later lines catch for having placed so far back in the throat , and intonation gets momentarily derailed . "" salut , demeure "" from gounod \'s faust quickly becomes expressively leaden and monochrome . recitative and the beginning of the aria , "" ah ! fuyez "" from manon begin well nuanced enough , and for the aria , truly softly as a change from so much else on this disc , but all-purpose bench pressing and volume boosts intrude before long . that leaves two truly atmospheric selections from two massenet rarities , to close this recital - first , an aria from roma , massenet \'s swan song for the lyric theater and "" ah ! parais "" from le mage , opera with plot line similar to that of verdi \'s aida , following . the melody , introduced by the cellos at the outset for the latter , somewhat takes after "" pays merveilleux "" from meyerbeer \'s africaine , but in more voluptuous color , such as in thais , and villazon and pido both capitalize well on its opulence . pido \'s work , on numerous other numbers on this disc , seems heavy , lumbering , cloying , or just simply out of his idiom , so to speak . word has it that villazon , while not having a big voice , is dramatically exciting on stage and probably more immediately engaged with the content of what he is singing . how this picked up a major award from gramophone , for the specific problems this disc has , and over two more qualified nominations ( ciofi / di donato handel duets and a florez album ) is mystifying . so much digression here is over the very specific demands that french opera makes on singers . there \'s much reason for hope for this tenor , but this disc , for two-thirds of it , does little to help fulfill it'
 ""i bought this item last month from amazon.com for $149. i thought it is using some kind of hand-like massage motors , and not those vibration motors . when the item arrived and i setup , i found out they are using the vibration motors ! a little disappointed i am . but i use it , it is not bad if you do n't mind the vibration motors . the heat feature is great . however , the knod that is supposed to hold the sitting position is n't holding well . the leather-like material really feels like a lether . the vibration really vibrates the whole floor , so i suggest to put on carpetted areas only . i personally like the hand-like massage chair better . but this $149 chair is worth the price . others would sell for over $300""
 'this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king'
 'a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality , this swedish import does n\'t so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place , would n\'t know what to do with it if you did have it , and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts . the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as "" well-worn , "" which seems to be a euphemism for "" shop-worn , "" "" clichï¿½ , "" or "" stupefyingly unoriginal . "" here it is ( spoilers follow ) : daniel , a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health , returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood , takes over and revives the local church choir , heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness , finds love , finds his inner child , and finally , at the moment of his and his choir \'s greatest triumph , croaks . a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program , but kay pollack is n\'t up to it . instead , in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness , he celebrates , embraces , wallows in the schmaltz , throws it at you until it \'s dripping off you like oobleck , and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film . indeed , there \'s something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last : it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent , albeit of the ed wood variety ; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind , as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who , at the end of a long and successful career , publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs . ( speaking of whom : "" as it is in heaven "" was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005 , after being strewn with similar honors in sweden , where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers . we \'re used to this kind of idiocy from the academy , but what \'s going on in the country of strindberg and bergman ? has someone been putting something in the kï¿½ttbullar ? ) a standard feature of movies like this ( and books like this , if it comes to that- -cf . ayn rand ) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant . aiiih is no exception . the parade of didactic marionettes includes : - - daniel \'s love interest , a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde , who represents the life force ; - - the humorless , sexually repressed , hypocritical preacher , who represents the church , which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity , especially in modern scandinavia ; - - the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates , and then finally locks up and forgives- -who represents violence and what to do about it ; - - the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir , chiefly so that he can become the film \'s symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people . ( incidentally , it \'s about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people , in movie after movie , as symbols of purity / goodness / wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence , or whatever , is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them ; it just seems nicer . ca n\'t we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being ? the only one i can recall seeing is "" best boy , "" a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago . apart from that they \'ve been reduced to targets of witless ridicule , as in "" there \'s something about mary , "" or turned into plaster saints as here . ) so , to sum up : save your money and your time , which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of "" the o.c. "" run , do n\'t walk , from your local art theater if this is the main attraction . and do n\'t forget the moral of the story , rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis- ï¿½-vis the usa : kitsch is global .'
 ""having read detective comics #471-479 in the 70s done by this same creative team , i picked this up , hoping for more of the same . what a let-down ! i have to ask - what happened ! ? the art on those erstwhile 70s issues was the finest , most detailed art i 'd ever seen in a comic-book . i think that was due mostly to the inking of terry austin . when he was working on x-men , he gave john bryne 's pencils that fine detail as well . has austin done a ' gil kane ' and given up his nib-and-ink to work with marker-pen ? this dark detective series shows none of the fine-ness of his previous work . you only have to compare the ' flash-backs ' of this series to the original detective comics issues to see that something is wrong . maybe austin or rogers are getting older , but the artwork is very basic , and lacks the sheen they used to produce . the art sometimes actually reminded me of bob kane 's early work . the story also is a little unbelievable . it portrays bruce as a love-sick puppy and just does n't ring true . also , the lettering is - well , it 's been hand-done , by rogers i surmise , and is quite uneven . it should have been done by computer . i 'm sorry - i so wanted to like this , but it 's nothing like the calibre of work that this creative team produced in their glory days of the 70s .""
 ""' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre '""
 'this model has all the features of the elite 9500 ( 2 brush heads , 2 cleaning modes , programmable quadpacer , and a guage to indicate about how much charge is remaining in the battery ) , but it \'s $12 cheaper from amazon ! all the "" programmable quadpacer "" feature amounts to is the ability to leave it on for an extra ( i.e. , a fifth ) 30-second interval , or the ability to turn the timer off so that it \'s just on / off . i regard most of the features as functional ornamentation ( "" bells and whistles "" ) , but the elite 9800 also happens to be a dependable , super-lightweight model that will run a good three weeks on a charge with only one person using it . i went on a three-week trip and did n\'t bother to pack my charger , and it had charge to spare when i got back . note : i always allow the nicd battery run all the way down ( to exhaustion ) before charging it , and that enhances both the charge and battery life . ( nicd \'s only have so many charge cycles . ) if this is your first electric , you might like the way it comes out of the box programmed to gradually ramp-up the power over the first fourteen brushings . what \'s the difference between the 9800 and the 9500 ? the models appear identical . the only difference i found is that one comes in a box that says 9800 , the other says 9500. : - )'
 'i \'ve seen and heard sheryl live when she \'s not surrounded by rock and roll dinosaurs . she \'s great - she \'s hip , self-assured and kicks butt ! but here , she tells the audience in "" leaving las vegas "" : "" i \'m playing central park tonight.. . but i have some friends coming up so can you be patient...please ? for lil \' ol \' me ? be very patient... . "" almost begging the audience not to walk out while she \'s singing solo . it \'s almost as if she knows that the audience will have to suffer her solo attempts until the "" friends "" arrive . the irony is that sheryl solo is the best part of the album . with the others on board , we ca n\'t see what sheryl can do , and those familiar with her know that sheryl is capable of a lot . she \'s overwhelmed by keith richard , stevie nicks , eric clapton , chrissie hynde and by including so many rock gods she herself is diminished in importance and stature . her songs "" it do n\'t hurt "" and "" there goes the neighborhood "" stand out on the album showing that sheryl can rock harder and better than any of her "" friends . "" too bad she did n\'t include "" am i getting through "" - - the part 2 of that was a great rock moment . natalie maines \' grating voice ( like fingernails on a chalkboard ) completely ruin "" strong enough . "" chrissie sounds like a zombie on "" if it makes you happy "" , sarah mclaughlin is so hopelessly unhip and white-bread in her lilith-fair mode that she adds nothing to "" a difficult kind "" ...in fact , by the end of the song sarah seems to disappear from the song as sheryl belts it to the end . that \'s sheryl \'s song and should remain so , tombstone blues stands out for its guitar work and the best part of "" all i wanna do "" is the new york audience . happy , white room and gold dust woman are three classic rock standards , so overplayed that anyone who grew up to 70 \'s fm aor radio has heard them ad nauseaum . problem here is that nothing new is added to them , they sound like karaoke versions . despite sheryl \'s plea for patience , i was bored with the old-timers.they did n\'t bring sheryl \'s career forward , only backwards'
 ""save yourself time and buy any book by greg lemond ( greg lemond 's complete book of bicycling ) or john howard ( john howard 's the cyclist 's companion ) - - they are both far better writers , well-rounded bicyclists , and honorable family men - - good role models for all true cycling athletes , young and old alike . lance armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book , but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion . lance armstrong would sell his own grandmother 's last pair of socks in order to succeed - - leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the tour de france . he sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn . better to settle down with greg lemond 's wonderful book for real depth , excitement , and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well""
 ""there are several real advantages to using quicken willmaker software . 1. the legal part of the software was done by nolo . they publish an awful lot of do-it-yourself software , and are well respected ( if you are not a lawyer ) . nolos involvement helps to assure me of a quality product . 2. the user interface , a fill in the blank approach with a lot of help screens , make the whole process quite easy and painless to go through . 3. besides the standard last will , the package includes a number of other documents that you may want decide you need . among others this includes living trust , living will , final arrangements , notice to terminate joint credit card accounts , child care agreement & instructions , and many more . having said that , there are two problems with the software : 1. if you live in louisiana , your laws are based on the french system , not the english system and there is a caution on the box that says : ' estate planning documents not valid in louisiana . ' 2. there has been at least one law suit saying that if you fill out the will for another person , you may be practicing law without a license . do a google search on ' heirs sue over will-making software ' where someone apparently used this software to do a will for a lady .""
 'unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album & quot ; symphony or damn&quot ; and the superb follow up & quot ; vibrator&quot ; . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album'
 ""i recently wrote a review for this item due to a launching issue . very angry , i made numerous calls and emails to nova . at last i was able to converse with a rep who was more than helpful and made right with all my issues . i am pleased with my outcome with nova and the response , making sure i was a satisfied customer . i only rate this 4 stars as i am just now using the program and am very excited with what i 've been able to accomplish in the past 3 days . thank you nova for your help""
 'certainly not deserving of the grammy ( for cast recording ) . each of the other nominated productions is much better than this poor excuse of a revival .'
 ""i just sold this back through amazon , i was so disapointed with it . it 's an all cover record , and while greg duhli does add an interesting twist to the covers , all of the music feels too subdued , too flat . duhli is lacking the usual passion he brought to the whigs and the first twilight singers recording .""
 'i wish i could give this book four and a half stars instead of four ; i ca n\'t quite justify five stars in my mind . two of the stories were definitely good : the first , "" masked riders "" by parhelion , and the third , "" ricochet "" by ba tortuga . i enjoyed both , but was not particularly snowed by the intensity of the conflict / plot line or the main characters and their relationships . not so the second story : "" hung up "" by cat kane was a powerful , intense and moving story about two delightful yet flawed characters who had secrets that tore their relationship up until they were able to work their ways ( separately ) around the issues . that story deserved a five stars plus rating and i wish kane would turn it into a full length novel and develop the characters and their backgrounds more . this book is an excellent read both for the plot line and the erotic substance . enjoy'
 'i bought this album after hearing about them from a fellow beach boys fan . i \'m a huge pet sounds fan , but i love all kinds of orchestrated rock from "" the left banke "" to "" beulah . "" this album is not that good , people . it \'s not even "" okay . "" there are way better takes on the "" brian wilson "" ( read : phil spector ) sound . whether it \'s "" the ladybug transistor "" or "" the apples in stereo . "" heck , check out a great vancouver band called "" ashley park "" as well . the production on this is so rooted in the eighties / nineties that it \'s almost unlistenable . they may be good road musicians but it does n\'t show on this album , especially since some of tracks use lamo drum loops "" a la stone roses . "" you would be better off going through the elephant 6 label \'s recordings or even merge stuff . to be honest , i did n\'t even find the compositions that scintillating , regardless of the production . chord and change-wise , they \'re interesting....but that does n\'t make the songs good .'
 ""i ordered 1 for my twin bed to try out . loved it , so i ordered a full and kingsize too ! i find i do n't move around as much as i used to . a more restfull sleep""
 'i bought this cd after i \'d watched the movie the first three times . the music is wonderful . i bought it specifically for the song they sing in the church scene - "" i do n\'t care to stay here long "" and i want it played at my own funeral way out there in "" someday "" . you ca n\'t hear it without smiling and the words are much easier to understand on the cd than in the movie . but just in case , here \'s the first foot-stompin \' verse : fare - - well , vain world ! i \'m going home . my savior smiles and bids me come and i do n\'t care to stay here long . bright angels beckon me away to sing god \'s praise in endless day and i do n\'t care to stay here long . right up yonder ! christians , away up yon-der . oh , yes my lord , for i do n\'t care to stay here long'
 ""for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art""
 ""the lotion does not get very warm and only the lotion in the uppermost part of the dispenser gets warm . so if you want to use a lot of lotion , you have to wait in between while the lotion warms up . i have dry skin so i put lotion all over . its more of an inconvenience to have to wait for each application to warm up and even when it does warm up , it is n't super warm .""
 'etta never fails to deliver in the vocals . gutteral bombast , sweet soul , gospel , blues , the lady is a living legend . but this album , like the last album "" produced "" by her son , is a nightmare . chessy arrangments , tinkly bass , poor sound all around . she is a fierce mother and i \'m sure she thinks her kids know best , but there is a reason why labels pair vocalists with the right producer . should etta get the chance to work with a fresh ear at the deck , she would n\'t need the novelty of some of the song choices . ps - 200lbs lighter and she remains the best live performer ; blues , r / b , soul , whatever , in the world .'
 'great enginering , design and craftmanship ; works great every day ; but i had to throw away a travel size "" waterpick "" after 18 months , because it is impossible to obtain a replacement hose assembly from the manufacturer or anywhere else . it does n\'t make any sense to supply an irreplaceable disposable part , on an equipment designed to outlast it three times'
 ""unlike many of the other reviewers , i actually bought this shaver to use on my head . i have been shaving my head for the past 2 years and during that time have used a panasonic es8066. it was a fine product ( able to be used either wet or dry , unlike the braun ) , but i had no idea that upgrading to the braun 8985 would make such a difference . i shaved my head in one third the time it took me using the panasonic ! no longer did i need to keep going over the same spot again and again . the braun took off the hair in one or two passes , cutting just as close with considerable ease and less irritation . i ca n't believe i wasted two years shaving with my old shaver ! i know panasonic has since come out with new and improved shavers , and i ca n't comment on its new vortex shaver , but i know i wo n't be returning my new braun any time soon""
 ""this is a very good camera for the price range . i have always had good luck with sony products , unlike some of the reviewers here . the resolution of the viewer window and the image quality itself is more than what i would expect from a camera in this price range... . it 's pretty decent . for what most people use dv cams for , this is camera does n't suck at all . i like how tiny it is . it does n't go much past the palm of my hand when i 'm holding it . also it was very easy to figure out just by exploring the menu on the touch pad . color graphics & icons on the menus add a nice touch . a beginner could start filming very soon after opening the box , i think . the camera feels sturdy in my hand , i mean i do n't feel like the viewer window is going to break off when it 's open or that i could easily break the buttons with normal use . as others have mentioned , you have to buy a 4 to 6 firewire if you have a mac because the ilink cable that comes with it is a s-video input for tvs . also the battery that comes with it is the 30 minute battery but i would have bought an extra one anyway because you never want to wait around while your only battery is charging . the software cd is a do-it-yourself install , at least for mac . it might not be for pc . i 'm used to being guided through the installation process.. . ( since at least the early 90 's ! ) but i had to drag the folder to my hard drive my darn self . a minor thing but i would have expected more from a major company like sony . but the reason i give it a 4 star rating instead of 5 is because the firewire goes into the base , not the camera so you cannot have the camera on a tripod while it 's connected to your machine . i realize this will not be a big problem for very many people but since i do stop-motion animation and use frame grabbing software , i need to have it connected to firewire and on a tripod in while i 'm working . i almost returned the camera when i discovered this but instead i hot glued velcro to the bottom of the base and to my tripod adaptor so i could have the firewire plugged in and attached to the tripod....kinda ghetto . i figure it was worth it though since i got such a good camera for the price ( i paid $299 on sale for it . ) if you 're looking for a decent but cheap camera i would recommend either this one or the hc42 if you want to shoot in widescreen .""
 'this is a great program for using a bible on your palm . the only issue was that i had to return the first cd for scratches and the 2nd was also all scratched up . it worked but ....'
 ""please buy a different camera . i have owned 5 different pocket digital cameras . under normal wear and tear , the cannon sd400 's lcd screen broke where other cameras i 've owned have not . i just purchased the nikon s7c with a bigger screen that is so well protected that i can hit it with no adverse affect . if you do buy the sd400 , set aside the $150 you 'll likely need to replace the lcd""
 'was using datamanager , but disliked the constant disk access in background . acronis backs up well without constant background disk access , and uses less disk space'
 '"" being a lover of freedom , when the [nazi] revolution came , i looked to the universities to defend it , knowing that they had always boasted of their devotion to the cause of truth ; but no , the universities were immediately silenced . then i looked to the great editors of the newspapers , whose flaming editorials in days gone had proclaimed their love of freedom ; but they , like the universities , were silenced in a few short weeks... . only the church stood squarely across the path of hitler \'s campaign for suppressing the truth . i never had any special interest in the church before , but now i feel a great affection and admiration for it because the church alone has had the courage and persistence to stand for intellectual and moral freedom . i am forced to confess that what i once despised i now praise unreservedly . "" - - albert einstein . what i \'m getting at here is that you can propogate anyone to look bad , that \'s easy . when you have two sources contradicting each other so heavily , you may want to consider the source ; i.e a protestant british author writing over fifty years after the fact , vice a prominent and liberal jewish figure who lived through the holcaust and has no biased motive to either slander or praise the beforementioned institution . or maybe israel zolli , chief rabbi of rome whose conversion to catholicism immediately after the war was prompted by the church \'s reaction to the plight of the jewish people . this book is extremely propagated and heavily editorialized . it is important to read a work like this however , in order to better understand the manipulation of truth and half truth in the author \'s motive'
 'the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper \'s daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father \'s talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy \'s behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza \'s father and mother . ( "" something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . "" ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( "" ` you \'ll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? \' "" ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane \'s nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza \'s nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( "" i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down.. . "" ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( "" ` get you from me , \' he said . ` i ca n\'t be near you now . get out of my sight ! \' "" ) as a father , eliza \'s father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( "" terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n\'t explain away . it \'s not safe here , andrew john . i ca n\'t promise you \'ll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . "" ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship'
 'my mother in law thought it was reduculous to spend more that twenty bucks on one of these because she got one that has ocean sounds.. . birds. . ect . but all those other machines have that creepy digital sound for white noise...and the waves inevitably break and the birds stop chirping as soon as the car alarm goes off in the street . this is the only sound we need ! we bought it for our 3 month old daughter because we live in a noisy part of the city and our neighbors kept waking her up . she slep great from day one.. . now we use it as part of her bedtime ritual. . bath , jammies , book , sleepy machine.. . and off to sleep she goes'
 'fifty-five minutes into this film , after freya ( jane march ) listens to the beast \'s explanation of his current condition- -it is the punishment of odin for killing a bear- -she says , "" what does it mean ? it makes no sense . "" although there is still half an hour yet to come , these eight words pretty much sum up this low-budget variant of "" beauty and the beast . "" the very title blood of beasts ( plural ) makes no sense . the film shows us only one beast- -a kind of man-bear- -and he is a revived and metamorphosed version of odin \'s pet bear , blended or fused with the man who killed it . academic scholars might argue that swaggering-but-cowardly sven ( played by william gregory lee ) is a kind of beast as well ( thus giving us two beasts ) , but we have no way of knowing what the writer and director intended . most likely the title was devised by somebody in the marketing department who had not seen the film . surely the blurb on the back of the dvd \'s hard case was written by another marketing person who never watched it either ; e.g. , it is untrue that freya "" must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fiance are captured by a tormented monster . . . cast out by his people . "" nor is it true that "" the beast [singular] . . . battles with freya for his redemption . "" further , expect no truth in these grand-sounding words : "" prepare for the ultimate tale of love and sacrifice , damnation and salvation . "" btw , the front of the hard case has a fake sepia picture of jane march / freya shooting an arrow in an impossible manner : the arrow \'s shaft is two or three inches above her hand that \'s gripping the bow . with one exception , the acting is a perfect match for the script : laughably poor . the exception is the beast ( played by david dukas ) . one is tempted to quip that only this role has "" teeth "" ; the fact is that only his role permits audio engineers ( or whoever ) to enhance the actor \'s voice electronically , only his role required serious make-up , and only his role required a "" special effect "" ( his morphing back to agnar , which every semi-conscious viewer , by a third of the way into the film , knew was coming ) . other viewers have commented on the comical tropical setting of this viking saga and the laughable "" ships . "" most preposterous is the tiny skiff that freya and ingrid ( candice hillebrand ) use to rescue king thorsson ( greg melvill-smith ) . on the island , the beast possesses an iron cage ( which clearly has been welded together using 20th - or 21st-century equipment ) ; when the king is confined in it , it can only be secured from the outside- -and yet , when freya is put inside it for her own protection at night , only she has control of its locking device . how convenient . the costumes are also anacronistically interesting , but only ms. march \'s deserve extended comment . when we first see her , she is wearing a little black viking bikini as she swims with friends ; then , besides flimsy chain mail , we see her in an array of gowns that seem to be fashoned from finely woven or knit fabrics- -the final one being most noteworthy for its sequined molded push-up bra-top . lest this review seem too harsh , a few individuals connected with this film deserve special mention for their outstanding contributions : mark thomas , who composed the viking music ; rob bishop , one of the focus pullers ; ryan lotter and steven ndlovu , two clapper loaders ; andrew gribble , a grip ; ben phiri , the generator operator ; guy bonner , transport manager ; johannes sithole , fabrication assistant ; kirsty taylor , prosthetics ; maxmillian van der merwe , standby set dresser ; dirk knoesen , stand-by [sic] carpenter ; sally van der merwe , scenic artists [sic] ; janine wyatt-mair , stunt performer ; grace sibiyo , seamstress ; diane allen , hair supervisor ; bianca , trainee make-up assistant ; ian thysse , medic ; and mark ferda , who did double duty as both dialogue editor and re-recording mixer . oh , one more thing : after coming out of her cage in the morning , jane march seems to have a nude swim in the sea , which the poor beast views from hiding , far-far-far away'
 ""have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu""
 ""the design is great , very light , easy to handle . it 's very nice to be able to use it cordless . however , this is the least powerful epilator i have ever used in my 14 year of personal epilation history . ( i have gone through six epilators . ) it takes forever to clear a small area .""
 'meditation will do the same thing . buy a tape or take a class'
 ""what a chore this book was to read . if it were n't for my ocd about finishing books that i start , i would 've read the first couple of chapters and then given up . it seems like a wannabe-suspense , but it 's not . it seems like there might be a love story in it , but there 's not . it feels like there might be a creepy angle in it , but there is not . what i can gather about this book is that the author thinks she 's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy . she tries to make a connection , but falls way short . read vinegar hill - that one was worth it . pass midnight champagne by""
 'the songs just did not get me dancing . i have to say i was disappointed . but i love kids favorite songs vol 2 but was never able to buy it as it was not availabl'
 'after reading the delightful charlie and the chocolate factory , this sequel was an absolute let-down . the novel begins with the great glass elevator breaking through the ceiling of charlie \'s ( formerly wonka \'s ) chocolate factory and rocketing into orbit around the earth . while beyond the reaches of earth \'s atmosphere , our heroes- --charlie , grandpa joe , and mr. wonka- --must deal with the malleable and voracious vermicious knids ( pronounced "" k\'nids "" ) , aliens which resemble unfrighteningly hostile figs or turds with eyes . far worse than these beasties , though , are the insufferable old folks whose twenty-year stint in their shared bed has made them less than useless . charlie , joe , and wonka , with no help from charlie \'s folks or other grandparents , save themselves and a us spacecraft from the clutches of the knids and return to the chocolate factory , where the old timers stupidly overdose on youth pills , returning them to infancy or beyond . charlie and wonka race around trying to help these ancient parasites , who respond to this assistance with the thanklessness the reader comes to expect from these oldsters . at the end of the novel , the geriatric brigade finally leaves the bed when they have a chance to meet the president . in short , these three are the most tedious , spiteful , unredeemable characters i \'ve come across in children \'s literature and i hoped that they would be eaten by the knids or the gnoolies or even the oompa-loompas as i read this book . as it is , they ( unlike the awful kids in the chocolate factory ) learn no lessons and persist in their curmudgeonly parasitism from the first page to the last . their presence throughout the novel rendered it a chore , rather than a joy , to read .'
 ""i 'm sorry , the above web address is incorrect . to get to the web page , type http : / / wolfsrain.animechains.net in your address bar . and again , do not type www in front of it . thank you""
 'a great resource for first time and experienced importers who do not fully understand their responsibilites as an importer .'
 'there is now no trace of delight left in this band . all songs are either moderately slow and somewhat self-indulgent or frightfully slow and quite self-indulgent . i do love this band and pronounce praises upon them whenever i receive a doe-eyed look saying their name , but this cd and the cd previous ( which did have 1 tune , "" apples , "" with which one could smile ) does , for the first time , take away any anticipation for their next collection of chopfallen tunes . first , we loose the roses , then the ned \'s disband , following that , swervedriver breaks apart and velocity girl is gone forevermore . now my charlatans have become charlatans of the great band they once were .'
 'disappear fear \'s music is both calming and uplifting at the same time . i especially enjoyed "" laws of nature "" because of it lyrics . ( it has a gay-rights lyrics ) does anyone know which one of the singers is gay ? i would be quite greatful for the answer . if anyone knows , would you mind posting it under the reviews here ? thanx that would be great !'
 ""this movie , while not a bomb or a turkey , has a couple of serious flaws . one is the casting . ted wass has lots of credits to his name , according to imdb , but what a wimpy , character-less , uninteresting washout he is ! was blake going for a harold lloyd lookalike ? he got one , but there 's nothing else to recommend him . he looks like a clark kent without the superman suit underneath . the other flaw is the length . even the opening credits ( using a defreiling / patie ripoff style ) go on forever . but the slapstick , which is masterful as always ( blake having been raised on or at least heavily influenced by silent comedies , especially those of laurel & hardy ) ...my god , does he stretch things out here ! the cameos are the saving grace , especially roger moore's . his vocal impersonation of clousseau is perfect . why did n't he dub the voice for clousseau in the concurrently filmed trail of the pink panther ? whoever did that voiceover sounded like sellers on helium ! it 's sad to see our icons age , especially burt kwouk , who looks and sounds awfully tired . david niven looks as close to death as he actually was . rich little 's uncredited overdubbing was beautifully done : subtle and convincing . herbert lom 's dreyfuss got bigger and more ridiculous in each successive film . and harvey korman 's prof . balls is delightful . the entire scene in his shop is a stitch . no , there will never be another sellers ( and i have no intention of seeing the new film with steve martin ) . but blake could have done better with his stopgaps""
 'i am diabetic and i have been losing about 10 lbs per month for 6 months eating these bars as a between meal source of protein . they satisfy my taste for something sweet and are filling .'
 'this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped'
 'i do n\'t know why most of the reviews are so negative . mine works perfectly , it does not flip-flop , does not drop down and you can remove those thingies inside to make the water pressure higher for a more soothing shower experience . reason i gave it 4 stars is because i have what is called a "" diverter valve "" attached to my shower head . the waterpik is meant to be installed directly onto the shower head itself . i could not do that , because i have a portable "" wand "" that is moveable via hose connected to the valve and noticed that the threading is too short for the waterpik to latch on to . went to home depot and got an extension and a coupling , kind of ingenious and used lots of pipe tape to "" interface "" the waterpik via the extension , via the coupling onto the diverter valve.... . wow ! no leaks ! works perfectly . for those of you out there that has a diverter valve for more then one showerhead option , go to home depot , lowe \'s or a hardware store and what i wrote above will work as it did for me . enjoy'
 ""i do n't understand why there are so many low reviews here . this movie was one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen . also , it was very unique . i think that too many people are trying to project these actions in real life . this movie is fiction . all the people who gave this movie a bad review should stop trying to see what 's real about this movie and just sit back and laugh . this movie was extremely funny ! !""
 'i have owned this pulse meter for approximately 2 weeks and i find it to be accurate , but it takes a while for it to give a reading . the first few times i used it , it took over a minute to tell me my pulse . however , the manual does state that when you become used to the correct positioning of your finger on the sensor it will give a result faster . so far , this is true , as within the last 3 days , i have received readings within 10 seconds consistently . considering the price , it was a good purchase'
 ""i loved the first one and i think , with the logic and plot of the first one , this follows through . we knew they changed the world , and in this sequel we see that . the actors do a good , since the lead characters are suppose to be , let 's say less intelligent , but nice . i think this movie and the 1st one are classics . i like the grim reaper , his atitude during the movie , and the fact the he is the comic relief ( okay so most of the movie is comic relief ) even if they are fun to watch to laugh at , it is worth it to watch""
 ""when dvds came out i thought that cds were gone . i thought all bands would start making videos out of all their songs and selling dvds instead of cds . that 's what happened with records . cds came out and no one released vinyl anymore . i am so glad that the sun was the first band to do this . every song on this disk is golden . there ai n't a bad song in the bunch . i heard about this disk on npr radio . it seems that it was taking warner bros . so long to release the cd that the band made homemade videos for all their songs . the record company heard about this , watched the videos and said , that 's cool , here is some more money , go and make the videos professionally and we will release it as a dvd , like it was a new idea or something . i talked with my buddies and most of them also thought this should have been done a long time ago . another thing that is way cool is the audio tracks . all the songs are on the disk in .wav form too so that you can put it in your computer and tell windows media player or whatever you use to put it on a regular cd and play it in your car or convert them into mp3s . there is even a sticker on the shrink wrap encouraging you to convert the .wav files . i could go on and on about how much i love this disk . i played it for my wife , kids , coworkers and they all loved it . like other reviewers said , the sun is a new classic . keep it up boys .""
 'the author not only argues for feminism , but she does so in a unique manner , and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders . she compares and defines literary and national borders . this book is extremely thorough on all aspects of chicana feminist writing available , by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions . to really grasp the experience , the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth , substance , truth and validity .'
 'a useful book that provides a good summary comparing differing accounting standards and approaches between countries . however , it is not worth the price . it is supposedly written for later year undergraduate and masters accounting students . it is more suitable for general second year accounting students . plus , as i am working with a multinational european bank in japan , the book is , rapidly becoming , out of date . there is none of the simply but incisive commentary which can be found in other books about the differences and outcomes of general accounting principals drawn from different countries'
 ""this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction .""
 'i bought from the 3 types of olay total effect , and i did try them after reading the instruction , there is no magical effect apeard after 1 month but there is diffrence , the company was very good in logistic maters']","[[3.03302241e-07 9.99999697e-01]
 [7.29718652e-02 9.27028135e-01]
 [6.22009723e-01 3.77990277e-01]
 [3.97969857e-05 9.99960203e-01]
 [7.57471710e-01 2.42528290e-01]
 [2.68605012e-01 7.31394988e-01]
 [1.76203429e-02 9.82379657e-01]
 [9.20327132e-03 9.90796729e-01]
 [8.05245526e-03 9.91947545e-01]
 [8.39781568e-01 1.60218432e-01]
 [9.38747397e-01 6.12526028e-02]
 [5.43403534e-01 4.56596466e-01]
 [2.93337580e-03 9.97066624e-01]
 [1.87424702e-02 9.81257530e-01]
 [5.08981169e-06 9.99994910e-01]
 [7.81625987e-01 2.18374013e-01]
 [1.84945193e-01 8.15054807e-01]
 [4.14616605e-01 5.85383395e-01]
 [5.13202442e-01 4.86797558e-01]
 [2.55416709e-01 7.44583291e-01]
 [7.29667209e-02 9.27033279e-01]
 [6.55393269e-01 3.44606731e-01]
 [3.26188561e-02 9.67381144e-01]
 [4.95338590e-04 9.99504661e-01]
 [5.81149947e-01 4.18850053e-01]
 [6.23489684e-01 3.76510316e-01]
 [4.95271714e-02 9.50472829e-01]
 [5.19144839e-01 4.80855161e-01]
 [2.45810628e-05 9.99975419e-01]
 [9.98194334e-01 1.80566577e-03]
 [1.49032265e-01 8.50967735e-01]
 [9.94697720e-01 5.30227967e-03]
 [9.94417298e-01 5.58270168e-03]
 [1.17916675e-01 8.82083325e-01]
 [9.19457287e-01 8.05427133e-02]
 [6.03684748e-01 3.96315252e-01]
 [7.98106909e-08 9.99999920e-01]
 [3.73322418e-02 9.62667758e-01]
 [1.75261111e-07 9.99999825e-01]
 [9.99991965e-01 8.03457838e-06]
 [1.00000000e+00 4.75216410e-12]
 [1.80468813e-03 9.98195312e-01]
 [1.41497259e-02 9.85850274e-01]
 [7.49379376e-01 2.50620624e-01]
 [1.81115692e-02 9.81888431e-01]
 [9.82915300e-01 1.70846997e-02]
 [7.74934360e-01 2.25065640e-01]
 [5.08258384e-01 4.91741616e-01]
 [8.07143371e-01 1.92856629e-01]
 [9.96487190e-01 3.51280971e-03]
 [8.34872909e-01 1.65127091e-01]
 [9.90957843e-01 9.04215705e-03]
 [9.92463243e-01 7.53675697e-03]
 [7.54263325e-01 2.45736675e-01]
 [9.98785778e-01 1.21422195e-03]
 [8.97015440e-01 1.02984560e-01]
 [4.15759626e-04 9.99584240e-01]
 [1.67279791e-01 8.32720209e-01]
 [8.52750992e-01 1.47249008e-01]
 [8.88539455e-01 1.11460545e-01]
 [5.08282490e-01 4.91717510e-01]
 [1.64521129e-01 8.35478871e-01]
 [9.84773531e-01 1.52264694e-02]
 [9.67032850e-01 3.29671501e-02]
 [8.03064529e-01 1.96935471e-01]
 [4.79380791e-01 5.20619209e-01]
 [9.95350922e-01 4.64907840e-03]
 [7.26974724e-01 2.73025276e-01]
 [9.00074338e-01 9.99256621e-02]
 [1.23425438e-02 9.87657456e-01]
 [3.80395975e-03 9.96196040e-01]
 [4.85562778e-01 5.14437222e-01]
 [4.57880320e-01 5.42119680e-01]
 [5.65598228e-02 9.43440177e-01]
 [9.14625846e-01 8.53741538e-02]
 [6.04698213e-01 3.95301787e-01]
 [6.83824442e-01 3.16175558e-01]
 [9.59698978e-01 4.03010217e-02]
 [2.39190404e-04 9.99760810e-01]
 [1.96290459e-03 9.98037095e-01]
 [6.33364331e-01 3.66635669e-01]
 [9.80264833e-01 1.97351673e-02]
 [9.59012672e-01 4.09873278e-02]
 [9.97231810e-01 2.76819033e-03]
 [2.72485784e-01 7.27514216e-01]
 [2.62109334e-01 7.37890666e-01]
 [1.47797914e-04 9.99852202e-01]
 [2.71021603e-02 9.72897840e-01]
 [2.26403387e-01 7.73596613e-01]
 [9.99550967e-01 4.49032552e-04]
 [6.85111183e-01 3.14888817e-01]
 [9.83476654e-01 1.65233460e-02]
 [6.85731894e-01 3.14268106e-01]
 [7.45138187e-01 2.54861813e-01]
 [1.57147588e-03 9.98428524e-01]
 [6.51087646e-01 3.48912354e-01]
 [4.22327539e-03 9.95776725e-01]
 [5.63328604e-01 4.36671396e-01]
 [7.68057416e-01 2.31942584e-01]
 [3.05167179e-01 6.94832821e-01]
 [6.89969172e-01 3.10030828e-01]
 [5.26512770e-02 9.47348723e-01]
 [9.99999999e-01 5.29737284e-10]
 [3.88958807e-02 9.61104119e-01]
 [9.58014627e-01 4.19853731e-02]
 [3.46241347e-07 9.99999654e-01]
 [5.70411878e-01 4.29588122e-01]
 [3.08105624e-02 9.69189438e-01]
 [9.99996263e-01 3.73680395e-06]
 [9.96033480e-01 3.96652019e-03]
 [1.00634126e-03 9.98993659e-01]
 [1.73384023e-01 8.26615977e-01]
 [9.47237940e-01 5.27620598e-02]
 [1.52383567e-03 9.98476164e-01]
 [1.30048585e-01 8.69951415e-01]
 [3.39059237e-01 6.60940763e-01]
 [9.96800830e-01 3.19917035e-03]
 [9.26766140e-01 7.32338603e-02]
 [9.87109601e-02 9.01289040e-01]
 [1.15236624e-05 9.99988476e-01]
 [2.96240039e-01 7.03759961e-01]
 [9.90558919e-01 9.44108130e-03]
 [9.99949702e-01 5.02975780e-05]
 [4.37058616e-04 9.99562941e-01]
 [1.47590481e-02 9.85240952e-01]
 [3.05167179e-01 6.94832821e-01]
 [3.99703416e-02 9.60029658e-01]
 [9.53709207e-01 4.62907932e-02]
 [9.26973254e-01 7.30267460e-02]
 [2.75132873e-01 7.24867127e-01]
 [3.07404871e-04 9.99692595e-01]
 [9.39842501e-01 6.01574991e-02]
 [9.96771478e-01 3.22852248e-03]
 [7.12950465e-01 2.87049535e-01]
 [9.99996036e-01 3.96354551e-06]
 [6.21417439e-02 9.37858256e-01]
 [9.78479006e-06 9.99990215e-01]
 [7.68238219e-02 9.23176178e-01]
 [4.74156954e-01 5.25843046e-01]
 [7.28333844e-01 2.71666156e-01]
 [5.24917443e-01 4.75082557e-01]
 [9.99409068e-01 5.90931702e-04]
 [7.11912536e-01 2.88087464e-01]
 [9.60601355e-01 3.93986447e-02]
 [7.85270536e-04 9.99214729e-01]
 [2.43575962e-01 7.56424038e-01]
 [9.02906451e-01 9.70935488e-02]
 [2.45118274e-01 7.54881726e-01]
 [9.89894394e-01 1.01056063e-02]
 [1.32458039e-03 9.98675420e-01]
 [8.44491228e-01 1.55508772e-01]
 [5.81431296e-01 4.18568704e-01]
 [9.82897349e-01 1.71026507e-02]
 [9.99996036e-01 3.96354551e-06]
 [5.57558307e-01 4.42441693e-01]
 [9.69167578e-01 3.08324222e-02]
 [8.64050546e-01 1.35949454e-01]
 [7.47285067e-05 9.99925271e-01]
 [9.40874655e-01 5.91253446e-02]
 [9.76632982e-01 2.33670178e-02]
 [5.87063668e-01 4.12936332e-01]
 [9.99735158e-01 2.64841730e-04]
 [9.59662871e-01 4.03371287e-02]
 [9.99069697e-01 9.30302547e-04]
 [9.88168216e-01 1.18317838e-02]
 [9.87939530e-01 1.20604699e-02]
 [9.61280933e-03 9.90387191e-01]
 [9.99942008e-01 5.79922997e-05]
 [3.35420982e-04 9.99664579e-01]
 [2.85078673e-01 7.14921327e-01]
 [8.50574290e-01 1.49425710e-01]
 [5.17698874e-01 4.82301126e-01]
 [7.98096336e-02 9.20190366e-01]
 [6.39734886e-01 3.60265114e-01]
 [3.63541559e-01 6.36458441e-01]
 [9.74141722e-01 2.58582780e-02]
 [4.55178701e-01 5.44821299e-01]
 [6.45887256e-06 9.99993541e-01]
 [9.88535842e-01 1.14641582e-02]
 [9.96854666e-01 3.14533366e-03]
 [9.65394113e-01 3.46058874e-02]
 [1.50210602e-04 9.99849789e-01]
 [9.93725096e-01 6.27490352e-03]
 [7.77557003e-01 2.22442997e-01]
 [6.13896662e-01 3.86103338e-01]
 [9.98595531e-01 1.40446851e-03]
 [5.74392156e-01 4.25607844e-01]
 [6.66353740e-01 3.33646260e-01]
 [8.54099930e-01 1.45900070e-01]
 [5.85289117e-01 4.14710883e-01]
 [9.69023857e-06 9.99990310e-01]
 [5.18171776e-01 4.81828224e-01]
 [2.01938866e-01 7.98061134e-01]
 [3.11649773e-01 6.88350227e-01]
 [3.58480616e-04 9.99641519e-01]
 [8.20535077e-01 1.79464923e-01]
 [3.35388770e-01 6.64611230e-01]
 [3.08496028e-25 1.00000000e+00]
 [9.69685519e-01 3.03144806e-02]
 [6.47342079e-30 1.00000000e+00]
 [1.35594592e-01 8.64405408e-01]
 [9.54696795e-01 4.53032053e-02]
 [9.91131126e-02 9.00886887e-01]
 [9.99788005e-01 2.11995013e-04]
 [5.91812393e-01 4.08187607e-01]
 [6.94715703e-01 3.05284297e-01]
 [5.36444316e-01 4.63555684e-01]
 [8.17951885e-02 9.18204811e-01]
 [1.84000893e-02 9.81599911e-01]
 [2.22181156e-01 7.77818844e-01]
 [8.73570650e-01 1.26429350e-01]
 [9.99999869e-01 1.30532383e-07]
 [1.93251992e-01 8.06748008e-01]
 [2.17384874e-04 9.99782615e-01]
 [9.99997508e-01 2.49227159e-06]
 [7.28380012e-01 2.71619988e-01]
 [1.72727254e-02 9.82727275e-01]
 [4.04702184e-08 9.99999960e-01]
 [5.51527144e-03 9.94484729e-01]
 [1.06955935e-01 8.93044065e-01]
 [4.07440002e-01 5.92559998e-01]
 [8.36735135e-01 1.63264865e-01]
 [4.37716602e-01 5.62283398e-01]
 [7.59595285e-01 2.40404715e-01]
 [2.13779366e-01 7.86220634e-01]
 [2.76837464e-01 7.23162536e-01]
 [4.33769354e-01 5.66230646e-01]
 [4.25725815e-02 9.57427418e-01]
 [5.63209363e-01 4.36790637e-01]
 [7.78102798e-01 2.21897202e-01]
 [9.92352702e-01 7.64729805e-03]
 [1.21680313e-03 9.98783197e-01]
 [4.91121147e-01 5.08878853e-01]
 [8.22754623e-01 1.77245377e-01]
 [8.15907386e-01 1.84092614e-01]
 [1.27616182e-01 8.72383818e-01]
 [7.57809693e-04 9.99242190e-01]
 [2.68429100e-01 7.31570900e-01]
 [8.36687847e-01 1.63312153e-01]
 [5.71266035e-01 4.28733965e-01]
 [2.73924955e-02 9.72607505e-01]
 [6.78676679e-01 3.21323321e-01]
 [9.26973254e-01 7.30267460e-02]
 [5.95185975e-01 4.04814025e-01]
 [6.03648255e-01 3.96351745e-01]
 [1.04174654e-01 8.95825346e-01]
 [7.00716535e-01 2.99283465e-01]
 [3.82478323e-01 6.17521677e-01]
 [5.36913775e-01 4.63086225e-01]
 [1.20838003e-04 9.99879162e-01]
 [9.11892765e-01 8.81072351e-02]
 [1.44769849e-03 9.98552302e-01]
 [8.18252844e-01 1.81747156e-01]
 [5.25757561e-01 4.74242439e-01]
 [6.69198926e-01 3.30801074e-01]
 [1.00000000e+00 4.45334845e-82]
 [2.36107283e-01 7.63892717e-01]
 [9.97773483e-01 2.22651650e-03]
 [5.08710561e-04 9.99491289e-01]
 [9.31283941e-01 6.87160591e-02]
 [7.98911121e-02 9.20108888e-01]
 [2.70921267e-01 7.29078733e-01]
 [5.95951934e-01 4.04048066e-01]
 [7.31380380e-01 2.68619620e-01]
 [3.02935710e-07 9.99999697e-01]
 [2.19651939e-03 9.97803481e-01]
 [9.99999998e-01 1.68759298e-09]
 [4.98565180e-01 5.01434820e-01]
 [7.14315512e-03 9.92856845e-01]
 [9.99999997e-01 2.52089148e-09]
 [7.96484653e-01 2.03515347e-01]
 [5.31681068e-03 9.94683189e-01]
 [2.83516748e-02 9.71648325e-01]
 [3.37093137e-01 6.62906863e-01]
 [8.70393476e-01 1.29606524e-01]
 [9.37968593e-01 6.20314066e-02]
 [9.99948383e-01 5.16171108e-05]
 [9.99449555e-01 5.50444575e-04]
 [1.56628333e-03 9.98433717e-01]
 [1.56709098e-01 8.43290902e-01]
 [9.99738778e-01 2.61222097e-04]
 [6.60698898e-01 3.39301102e-01]
 [9.99997974e-01 2.02637230e-06]
 [5.86818726e-02 9.41318127e-01]
 [7.92437662e-04 9.99207562e-01]
 [9.97003129e-01 2.99687096e-03]
 [7.24593526e-04 9.99275406e-01]
 [3.76366522e-03 9.96236335e-01]
 [6.70070360e-01 3.29929640e-01]
 [2.63592546e-02 9.73640745e-01]
 [7.06461041e-01 2.93538959e-01]
 [5.66778072e-03 9.94332219e-01]
 [9.50391373e-01 4.96086274e-02]
 [2.41753284e-06 9.99997582e-01]
 [7.56814883e-01 2.43185117e-01]
 [1.00000000e+00 8.58352856e-19]
 [9.98477618e-01 1.52238204e-03]
 [6.39708237e-02 9.36029176e-01]
 [9.44457421e-01 5.55425791e-02]
 [7.51811300e-02 9.24818870e-01]
 [2.76004005e-01 7.23995995e-01]
 [1.78287806e-01 8.21712194e-01]
 [5.24292998e-01 4.75707002e-01]
 [9.07734864e-01 9.22651357e-02]
 [3.08626823e-01 6.91373177e-01]
 [5.99553265e-02 9.40044673e-01]
 [1.30664274e-03 9.98693357e-01]
 [3.44309828e-02 9.65569017e-01]
 [9.95468236e-01 4.53176444e-03]
 [5.56914024e-01 4.43085976e-01]
 [4.26657378e-01 5.73342622e-01]
 [3.67504549e-01 6.32495451e-01]
 [7.29054020e-01 2.70945980e-01]
 [3.84702865e-02 9.61529714e-01]
 [2.45810628e-05 9.99975419e-01]
 [8.14973774e-01 1.85026226e-01]
 [4.95338590e-04 9.99504661e-01]
 [6.91993563e-01 3.08006437e-01]
 [5.48151359e-01 4.51848641e-01]
 [1.40170091e-01 8.59829909e-01]
 [7.03662144e-01 2.96337856e-01]
 [9.98810623e-01 1.18937718e-03]
 [4.84161250e-03 9.95158388e-01]
 [6.47981285e-01 3.52018715e-01]
 [8.40262541e-01 1.59737459e-01]
 [6.44086883e-01 3.55913117e-01]
 [1.09873325e-01 8.90126675e-01]
 [9.54616152e-01 4.53838482e-02]
 [3.29957123e-01 6.70042877e-01]
 [9.34039382e-01 6.59606177e-02]
 [9.52081828e-04 9.99047918e-01]
 [3.86373252e-02 9.61362675e-01]
 [5.96089736e-03 9.94039103e-01]
 [3.82430204e-01 6.17569796e-01]
 [9.34242213e-01 6.57577873e-02]
 [1.87184688e-01 8.12815312e-01]
 [2.24431262e-01 7.75568738e-01]
 [8.32534862e-01 1.67465138e-01]
 [9.17206427e-01 8.27935726e-02]
 [1.43513984e-01 8.56486016e-01]
 [9.97482013e-01 2.51798717e-03]
 [3.00409793e-01 6.99590207e-01]
 [9.81095025e-01 1.89049753e-02]
 [1.63258377e-01 8.36741623e-01]
 [2.13779366e-01 7.86220634e-01]
 [4.55717699e-02 9.54428230e-01]
 [5.59652930e-01 4.40347070e-01]
 [4.24504334e-01 5.75495666e-01]
 [7.18280643e-02 9.28171936e-01]
 [2.69375547e-02 9.73062445e-01]
 [6.35369739e-01 3.64630261e-01]
 [3.79367739e-01 6.20632261e-01]
 [4.65286564e-03 9.95347134e-01]
 [1.91668127e-02 9.80833187e-01]
 [8.00745560e-01 1.99254440e-01]
 [4.41896583e-07 9.99999558e-01]
 [1.82830703e-02 9.81716930e-01]
 [9.97206920e-01 2.79308005e-03]
 [1.95310057e-01 8.04689943e-01]
 [9.98810593e-01 1.18940723e-03]
 [4.95412228e-02 9.50458777e-01]
 [1.00000000e+00 2.31346328e-15]
 [8.38021372e-01 1.61978628e-01]
 [9.99986260e-01 1.37396278e-05]
 [5.83032278e-01 4.16967722e-01]
 [5.96898628e-01 4.03101372e-01]
 [3.71214042e-01 6.28785958e-01]
 [3.07612742e-01 6.92387258e-01]
 [8.97893476e-01 1.02106524e-01]
 [2.52285928e-01 7.47714072e-01]
 [4.30853048e-01 5.69146952e-01]
 [4.39685062e-02 9.56031494e-01]
 [9.32348238e-01 6.76517619e-02]
 [9.51752075e-01 4.82479247e-02]
 [2.32995001e-02 9.76700500e-01]
 [2.52692870e-02 9.74730713e-01]
 [3.28741888e-03 9.96712581e-01]
 [8.67692533e-01 1.32307467e-01]
 [6.77539803e-01 3.22460197e-01]
 [6.39119153e-06 9.99993609e-01]
 [7.80054586e-01 2.19945414e-01]
 [6.41040970e-01 3.58959030e-01]
 [5.25293258e-01 4.74706742e-01]
 [7.68238219e-02 9.23176178e-01]
 [3.84337894e-01 6.15662106e-01]
 [1.90997341e-02 9.80900266e-01]
 [4.04344070e-06 9.99995957e-01]
 [4.25444416e-01 5.74555584e-01]
 [1.95502203e-04 9.99804498e-01]
 [6.24766713e-02 9.37523329e-01]
 [1.82351446e-07 9.99999818e-01]
 [9.99541909e-01 4.58091138e-04]
 [9.59046380e-01 4.09536205e-02]
 [5.27940417e-01 4.72059583e-01]
 [1.69442277e-02 9.83055772e-01]
 [9.91753625e-01 8.24637452e-03]
 [7.23276080e-01 2.76723920e-01]
 [3.31266840e-01 6.68733160e-01]
 [3.01631514e-14 1.00000000e+00]
 [2.25855182e-02 9.77414482e-01]
 [5.65218249e-01 4.34781751e-01]
 [1.77821562e-01 8.22178438e-01]
 [8.96466044e-01 1.03533956e-01]
 [1.07986694e-15 1.00000000e+00]
 [9.99997451e-01 2.54923357e-06]
 [4.38061238e-04 9.99561939e-01]
 [1.92237887e-06 9.99998078e-01]
 [1.38878748e-06 9.99998611e-01]
 [1.21848838e-03 9.98781512e-01]
 [9.96726613e-01 3.27338692e-03]
 [4.42361834e-05 9.99955764e-01]
 [3.51179117e-05 9.99964882e-01]
 [6.06404963e-01 3.93595037e-01]
 [2.81007571e-02 9.71899243e-01]
 [9.99802264e-01 1.97735775e-04]
 [4.17918436e-01 5.82081564e-01]
 [2.69660625e-01 7.30339375e-01]
 [5.18863792e-01 4.81136208e-01]
 [8.14933208e-03 9.91850668e-01]
 [7.02122986e-01 2.97877014e-01]
 [9.80600861e-01 1.93991387e-02]
 [8.48391634e-01 1.51608366e-01]
 [7.88183599e-03 9.92118164e-01]
 [1.20475311e-04 9.99879525e-01]
 [9.96951868e-01 3.04813241e-03]
 [9.82568911e-01 1.74310890e-02]
 [9.99999982e-01 1.78776286e-08]
 [6.57742357e-01 3.42257643e-01]
 [3.42727148e-01 6.57272852e-01]
 [8.59989096e-01 1.40010904e-01]
 [8.12175833e-06 9.99991878e-01]
 [9.99999758e-01 2.41831301e-07]
 [9.39557974e-01 6.04420263e-02]
 [1.07610837e-05 9.99989239e-01]
 [8.81767268e-02 9.11823273e-01]
 [8.66816659e-04 9.99133183e-01]
 [3.03777229e-01 6.96222771e-01]
 [2.99503026e-01 7.00496974e-01]
 [2.29866621e-01 7.70133379e-01]
 [2.52357192e-07 9.99999748e-01]
 [9.86497084e-01 1.35029158e-02]
 [7.34115334e-02 9.26588467e-01]
 [4.45236121e-03 9.95547639e-01]
 [5.01743851e-01 4.98256149e-01]
 [3.63416182e-07 9.99999637e-01]
 [7.99315479e-01 2.00684521e-01]
 [9.39842501e-01 6.01574991e-02]
 [9.93967808e-01 6.03219217e-03]
 [9.93161462e-01 6.83853792e-03]
 [7.50287155e-01 2.49712845e-01]
 [9.43842484e-01 5.61575159e-02]
 [9.85945881e-01 1.40541188e-02]
 [9.19683877e-01 8.03161234e-02]
 [2.51009305e-02 9.74899070e-01]
 [4.54503998e-01 5.45496002e-01]
 [8.07943840e-01 1.92056160e-01]]","[0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0
 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0
 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0
 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0
 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1
 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1
 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 0
 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1
 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0
 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0
 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0
 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1
 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1]"
