Optimal Decision Tree Classifier False Predictions
"['i have been a barry manilow fan since i was a teenager . i have never been disappointed with any of his work and this cd is no exception ! he is such a brilliant arranger and the remix of these classics is fabulous ! his voice is as good as ever ! even my 7 year old begs to listen to the cd everytime we get in the car and she can sing all the words !'
 ""i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field""
 'would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of "" king solomons mines "" . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic "" prisoner of zenda "" . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution .'
 'very good it does what i want and more . now to get more training on doing more with this produc'
 ""although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan""
 'i an not a prude but i watched this movie after it was recommended by a friend . i watches this movie with a pretty liberal girlfriend and we both found it to be extremely vulgar and not even funny , with the exception of the fist scene.and the language was ridiculous and gross ! yuk'
 'now on their sixth studio album ( and second on a major label ) carbon leaf plays it safe with the inoffensive rock / pop of "" love , loss , hope , repeat . "" lead vocalist barry privett has a warm , pleasant way of delivering his lyrics , and renowned producer peter collins fulfills his duties . nevertheless , the 11-song collection is most notable for its power of subtlety . in fact , it is so subtle that not one song is memorable . some lyrics are heartfelt ( "" the war was in color "" recounts a conversation between a grandfather and grandson , lead single "" learn to fly "" regretfully summons up inner strength ) but with such flat , by-the-numbers melodies these songs have little to stand on . everything sounds just fine , but nothing is endearing . every guitar strum and drum beat can be predicted ten seconds prior to its appearance , and privett , despite his appealing voice , could easily be singing one extremely long song . this project is obviously well-intentioned , but many other bands have done this before and better . these guys without a doubt have talent , but this album will soon be forgotten for good reason . next time they will hopefully carve out a more unique sound than the one on this record .'
 'we expose our babies / toddlers to a wide variety of cultural sources , in several languages . therefore , having seen similar products it seemed logical to purchase this one , given it is touted as a multilingual introduction to their environment ( our little ones are trilingual : english , spanish and asl , and they ignore us in all them ! ) . big mistake . the video not only reinforces but solidifies the sexist portrayal of love so prevalent in other baby einstein ( be ) items . in earlier be products one could see only female hands manipulating objects as they presented them on screen . male hands were never present . this video goes many steps furhter by featuring male figures only in the background , or at best , an elderly man briefly interacting with a child . everywhere else you see multiple females lovingly playing , caring or otherwise being nurturing to children . males are only seen ( with the exception of a black couple in bed while kids jump to play with them ) in a distant background in entirely detached attitudes , or at least distant , dry and quiet poses , such as talking with a much older ( male ) child . it is as if they are shown there as part of the domestic landscape , however as movable and inane as potted plants , whom you can move and place at will . i felt insulted by this condescending and disqualifying view of male love and nurturing abilities . asides , when you go into the spanish version , it is ( for a professionally produced video ) riddled with mistakes . three objects are mislabeled . in the first , when a cup - the plastic or paper tall type , not the coffee and saucer version , it is called "" la taza "" , when in reality it should be "" el vaso "" , as unlike english , where it is interchangeable "" vaso "" is the specific word for that item . the second - much worse instance , still in the kitchen was to introduce a bowl . there , the clueless scripter translated it as "" el bol "" , a clear and poor corruption of the english word into a one commonly used in spanglish , instead of calling it "" tazo\'n "" , as its correct name is . the last one i saw was in the yard ( i \'m suprised they did n\'t call it la yarda ! : "" looka mami ! get la troca and go a la marketa a buy a boncha de carrotas ! "" ) . this time they called an obvious swing ( two ropes and a seat in between ) "" la hamaca "" , when in reality hamaca means hammock . fortunately , we are native speakers amnd are abel to catch these pitfalls , but many people relies upon these products to teach their kids other languages . in sum i was discusted with the whole thing .'
 ""sigourney weaver is even better in this smash hit sequel to alien.fifty-seven years after her last escapade , ripley is found by a deep salvage team and taken back to earth.met with skepticism and ridicule when she tells of her encounter with the creature , she recievs information that colonists on lv-426 , the planet they landed on in the first film , have been missing.so , she and a group of high-tech marines go in to investigate.unfortunatly , the marines weapons are no match for the might of the thousands of aliens roaming the planet.ripley finds a renegade 7 year old named newt hiding in the sewers , and takes her under her arm.it all leads up to ripley 's showdown with the queen , and possibly her last.this is the best in the series""
 ""less a view from afar or broad exposure of solitude from the human condition , this book more aptly excerpts the author 's personal conflicts with human relationships.....a one-on-one wrestling match with the self with no spectators and no judges . the book is a good read for academic analysis , but not so fun for venturist philosophy""
 ""i bought a spare battery for my d70s and charged it up one time . since then , i have been waiting to use my spare but the original ( charged hundreds of pictures ago ) has been going strong for , literally , months . follow the directions . do n't use it until your fully charge and do n't recharge until it 's run down . this will help maintain battery life . good product from a great company""
 'el producto es de muy bajas caracteristicas . material barato , zoon de baja calidad , en otras palabras es sumamente inferior a otros equipos que he probado los cuales se encuentran en el mismo rango de precios . kodak tiene una linea de camaras económicas las cuales paracen ser desechables . no lo recomiedo'
 ""unfortunately total block did not work well with my rosacea sensitive skin . it caused my skin to become very red and irritated by the end of the day . i do n't doubt this is an excellent sunblock , just not for my rosacea sensitive skin . i use it now on my arms with no problems . i do feel it is very expensive for so little product so will not repurchase""
 ""this album is n't not very good at all . there are about four songs i like . first off , the production on this cd is disgusting considering some of the producers make great beats . then , the guest artists do a sub-par job lyrically . then , there are no new verses from biggie , on the album . they should have stopped with born again , because album will be a forgotten one , not a great way to close out the legecy of bigge smalls""
 'the book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included . however , on the atkins diet , the important measure to monitor is the & quot ; active&quot ; carbohydrate mass which may metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber . the inclusion of such a measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility'
 'it is working well , little slow warm up . but actually i wanted a hot air brush , not this , because i have very short hair , but i was mistaken when i ordered hot brush instead of hot air brush'
 ""this was the first punk-o-rama cd i listened to , and boy i was not dissapointed . most of the songs on this cd are the type of punk i would listen to , quite fast and energetic . the best song on the cd has to be either nofx - bath of least resistance ( nofx being the greatest punk band of all time , of course ) , or beatsteaks - let me in . i heard the beatsteaks for the first time on this cd and there absolutely bloody excellent . obviously , the cd is made complete with songs from the descendents , pulley , pennywise , dropkick murphy's . the only let down on this cd is noise conspiracy , there song on this cd , well plainly sucks i 'm sorry to say . but overall this cd is one hell of a good listen if your into punk . that 's all , oh yeah , buy it ! by""
 ""the best book on the history of world war ii that i 've read in a long time . the title has three meanings : 1. it can refer to the gunner at the back of a bomber . the brits called these people ' rear gunners . ' the yanks used the term ' tail gunner . ' it 's the most dangerous position in the plane . 2. the last plane in the formation . this was more true in the american combat box than in british usage . this position is difficult to hold because it is at the end of a string and every move by the lead ship propagates irregularily through the formation . it is also more dangerous as enemy fighters can attack this ship more easily since there are n't so many guns pointing that direction . 3. it can refer to the bombing missions near the end of the war . this splendid book covers all three of these meanings . in addition it does an excellent job of discussing the power and importance of air power in the defeat of germany""
 'book contains many useful lists / charts / comparisons to define giftedness . many helpful hints about raising a gifted child . main criticism is that the book is more about raising children in general - - and may push those with & quot ; normal&quot ; kids into thinking they have gifted ones and down that track - - when they should not . gifted kids are the exception , not the norm as this book makes it seem'
 ""i was thinking about purchasing all four of these movies , but to have them together in a box set is a beautiful thing . i will not bore you with the reviews of these movies , those who love akira kurosawa movies sees the stories closely matching those of shakespeare , a clint eastwood western , and star wars . for the price and what you get , it 's a steal""
 ""the camera is a great camera.it is one of the best kind of camera in its level.everything is great in that ( perfect picture and easy to work ) but in that package as i saw in amazon add , the remote suppose to be in the package and comes with it but it wo n't and there is not remute in that package and it is kind of cheating...be careful about this product if you think whatever has written comes with package but not .""
 'not only is the physical appearance of this model ugly , it is a complete downgrade . panasonic takes off one of the most important features on the pv gs320 model , a microphone jack ! i currently own a 300 model and needed another camera to shoot different angels at the same time , since the 300 is discontinued i purchased the so called upgraded model . now the only available model with mic jack is the vdr 310 , and i have heard dvd is quality on camcorders is not what it should be . if you do any video prodcution and need to hook up your camera to a mic , this camera is not for you'
 'well , the labels did it again . first , when they released the album "" dream "" on cd . their biggest hit from that album "" you never done it like that "" turned out to be a re-recorded version on the cd release . they did it again with this "" ultimate collection . "" that being said , i love some of their other hits , especially "" the way that i want to touch you . "" luckily , the rest of the tracks are the originals . if you \'re looking for the original version of "" you never done it like that "" , you would have to get the 20th century masters collection of theirs'
 'the living in oblivion series of cd compilations does something that many similar compilations do not do : they give us some great variety of "" hits "" . there is no doubt that "" mickey "" by toni basil was a huge hit . there \'s also no doubt that "" our lips are sealed "" was a break out hit for the go go \'s , but the funboy three version wasn\'t . but what about "" living in a box "" ? it only hit the billboard top 100 at #89 in 1987. so why is it here ? why are a large number of these songs ? they \'re not top 10 hits , right ? wrong ! i \'m sick to death of so many compilations relying on top 40 hits from the 80\'s . the u.s. music tastes are typically very different from those of europe . just because a song does n\'t make the u.s. billboard top 40 does n\'t mean that it is n\'t a hit in other countries . and although i \'m an american , my music tastes have always run more in line with those of europe . i \'m delighted that the living in oblivion series ( and the pop and wave series ) have incorporated a variety of hits from the u.s. and europe . i also like that some of the more obscure groups and their songs are available on these compilations . there are several songs on these albums that never were released on cd ( as they had n\'t come into being at the time of the groups \' albums initial releases ) , so albums such as these are the only place where you can find these hits . the boys do n\'t cry song "" i wanna be a cowboy "" hit the billboard charts at #12 in 1986 , but the group disappeared soon thereafter . then all of a sudden a dance version of that same song came out in the early 2000 \'s and rocketed up the dance charts . do n\'t be misled , the living in oblivion series is one of the absolutely best series for a variety of music from the 80\'s . if you want to hear run of the mill , top 40 only hits from the 80 \'s , well , then you \'ll just have to look elsewhere . also , the liner notes and pictures of the groups included in the jewel box are really clever . you get to find out what the chart position was for the songs in the compilation and see what the groups looked like at the time of the song \'s release . my only issue with these liner notes is that the author of them seems to be disparaging the very music which these albums are espousing . apparently many believe that the music from the 80 \'s was vacuous and devoid of emotion . one need only listen to the song "" the promise "" by the group "" when in rome "" ( living in oblivion volume 5 ) to know that such a statement is false . while that group only had this one hit and then faded into obscurity , "" the promise "" made the billboard top 100 at #11 and the billboard dance chart at #1. anyway.. . i ca n\'t recommend this album and its entire series any more ! it \'s simply awesome ! before believing those who would disparage this series of albums , please check the billboard charts and you \'ll see that these songs were in fact hits . get it'
 ""not speaking or understanding tibetian , did n't lessen the joy of being totally absorbed by this wonderful movie , and the music from this soundtrack is the reason why . it guides you like a sherpa , gently leading you along the high trails , powerfully pulling you to the heights of ever thinning air . you are at once engulfed in the tibetian life , you live the experience through the deep gutteral chants , singing bowls , and drums""
 ""i have been using turbo tax for years just as i jave used quicken for years . one of the big plusses for me was it 's deductible , a program that places values on items you give to charities and imports directly into turbo tax . it 's deductible was a stand alone program until 2006 when it went to intuit for online entries . you could not longer buy the program to install on your pc . this would have been ok but then intuit would not allow you to see the values placed on donations until you purchased turbo tax . intuit thinking of the bottom line rather than the customer . i hated that and told intuit my feelings - no response as i expected . but what the heck , i entered my donations through 2006 and when turbo tax 2006 came out i purchased it from amazon for a good price . after installing turbo tax i went to see what my donation values were and to import the values into turbo tax from my online entries . nope - no can do . not only was it 's deductible buried in turbo tax with a very clunky and slow link to start the program but there was absolutely no way to import . after much searching on intuit 's support pages - always a chore - i finally found a page explaining - no import . but if you like you can get a voucher to unlock the online values and then manually re enter the information into turbo tax ! what a crock . on top of that using it 's deductible and turbo tax slows my duo core pc to a crawl . i will look elsewhere next year""
 'having only seen seinfeld \'s series on tv that goes by the same name , it was great to have the opportunity to see him as a stand up comedian on dvd . i \'d never seen the dvd before , but some of the material sounded familiar.. . perhaps it overlaps with some of the opening and closing live gags that are shown on the seinfeld show ? you may notice that in his speel about the chinese he lets the word "" shovel "" out too soon ( when talking about the chinese \'s perseverance with chopsticks ) , and thus spoils the joke a little bit . but seinfeld is obviously a master of ad lib , so he managed to work around it . a thoroughly recommendable dvd'
 'worked as expected . a few hardware glitches but that was to be expected'
 ""although the compartments seem small , you can fit lots of food into this bowl . it 's divided into about 4 or 5 sections , so you can separate your veggies , meat , etc. the only thing that bummed me out was the ice pack - the frozen gel expanded on the inside and caused the container to break : ( so , i use it to store food in the fridge . i have all of the other fit & fresh containers and none of the ice packs on those have broken .""
 ""a fine example of how fickle or intimate ( i prefer the word intimate ) scent is to each of us . this is one fragrance that i have not gotten to like . received as a gift more than a year ago , the bottle still has three-quarters . it does have a ` rich ' scent but i find it to be too confusing and indescribable a scent , not educing a one word description like ` sporty ' , ` sexy ' , ` alluring' . i do n't wear it very often but i do n't recall a single occasion of ` what fragrance are you wearing ? ' with this one . it 's just not my cup of tea so definitely , if you 're not familiar with this scent beforehand ; do not buy before trying it out at a department store for a day . why buy ? as a gift for the guy competing for the female that is currently in your crosshairs . as a gift for your boss - you will know he 's coming from a mile away . you need a gift for a guy who could n't pour water out of a boot even if there were instructions on the hee""
 'i bought this product because of positive member reviews and and outstanding review in cnet . however , i just bought a new dell inspiron e1505 that shipped with windows vista home premium , and zonealarm 6.5 is flat out incompatible with the new os . i downloaded zonealarm 7.0 and that is flat out incompatible as well . i \'m sure this is a great security suite for windows xp , but beware if you have vista . there seems to be no update on their website when zonelabs will release a vista compatible zonealarm . ( they mention something about "" after january 2007 "" , but it \'s march , for crying out loud ! ) so there \'s my purchase price of a good product down the drain'
 ""i have nothing bad to say . it gets hot enough . it was cheap . it seems well made . the cover is washable . it 's just what i was looking for""
 'i got to get it off my chest . this camera takes great photos and they print out wonderful . but , the camera has several down sides : 1. as all have said , it eats batteries big time . this is a pain . 2. it recharges slow between flash and between non flash . forget about catching a great spontaneous moment . 3. not durable . i dropped mine out of the case from below waist hight and it does nto work at all . i am sure by the time i send it in and pay for shipping and repair i can buy a new one that is cheaper and more reliable . any suggestions ? ? ?'
 ""having just read the book ( most highly recommended ) i decided to treat myself to the movie . i could have cried . while i did not expect the movie to contain everything from the book , i was sadly dissapointed to see that it totally changed the plot around . in the book , the 5 men bonded together and were great men of character . in the movie , they got rid of one man , had the other eaten right off the bat , pencroft is shown to be a coward and greedy . in the book , nemo appears only in the last two or three chapters , and he does not have an elaborate home on the island . and what about those stupid giant animals ? i do n't recall reading about them . the fence around nemo 's home looks like it came right from jurassic park . the whole story was about 5 ( eventually 6 ) men who were stranded on an uncharted island and the wonderful adventures they had there . on another note , the graphics were pretty bad . the panning was very blurry and the picture was often grainy . as one reviewer well said , it is suitable for children who are easily pleased , but it is nothing like the book . perhaps this is why amazon sells it for only $6.99""
 'my daughter at u of m got me interested in the rwandan crisis and was just vacationing in canada and picked up this book by a canadian general who was leading the un effort in rwanda during the genocide and what a tragedy this was and remains . i didnt walk away thinking this guy was a great general but he had the guts and the commitment to right to stay in spite of the ineptitude of the united nations and cofi anan who was in a key role at the time . the tragedy of what the free world stood by and let happen is nearly unsurpassed , probably only by the jews extermination in wwii . if you have any interest in the world happenings and think you have faith in the united nations just buy this and read it - we need change .'
 'i was stunned by this movie . i learned of it and purchased it in 2003. for various reasons it remains for me the best , most emotional movie i have seen about musicians and their music . the producer chose well : he found the songwriters that shaped country and rock for the next 30 years : townes van zandt , rodney crowell , steve earle , guy clark , steve young , john hiatt , charlie daniels and a tribute to the late skinny dennis , immortalized in guy clark \'s "" la freeway . "" i wish david allen coe had been left out , but no film is perfect . the songwriters are shown at their best and worst : a drunken , funny tvz falls into a rabbit hole and silent night is rendered by fine musicians too drunk to remember the lyrics . this movie was made when i was a poor student and musician with a small circle of talented friends in tampa at the university of south florida . the difference is that most of my friends and i got straight jobs [we still tried to make a difference] but these musicians changed the world , just a little . i married the singer / business major i met at usf and divorced 30 years later . i still play guitar , write and record at home and dream of making it in music - but mostly i learn songs written by artists like those in this movie and try to understand the magic they have that still captures me . when tvz sang \' waiting around to die \' he brought tears to the eyes of his 70+ blacksmith neighbor , while cindy comforts him . it was magical . tvz does a "" medley of my hit "" and sings "" pancho and lefty , "" and rodney crowell sang "" bluebird wine , "" both covered by emmylou . steve young \'s "" alabama highways "" was wonderful too . it was a look into my past - and the past and future of the intelligent , emotional music i love best .'
 ""i decided to read this on a flight to indiana from ny . i managed to complete the book on the return . it is a quick read , not a self help book , more about merton and nouwen finding their true self as well as the author 's road to becoming a jesuit . i think we all want to find our true self , but not all can and some never attempt to . martin stresses the importance of finding our true self in order to achieve happiness that comes from within""
 ""this is a nice small book to take along in the car but i do n't think the pictures are animated enough . my 19 month old son does n't seem too interested in the book""
 ""whether you 're planning to read through crowley 's book of thoth for the first time , or if you think you know every little thing crowley was getting at with it , this book is going to be equally useless to you . several of crowley 's diagrams from the book of thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly , but sadly that 's the only good thing about this book . the book is filled with a lot of fluff . duquette tells many useless anecdotes of crowley 's and harris ' lives , and constantly excuses and defends crowley 's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper . duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found crowley 's works , so perhaps its some sort of atonement . but the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with crowley 's character . through out the book of thoth crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems . having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid . unfortunately duquette does n't do this . his background information is base and scarce . he does spend some time explaining about thelema and kabbalah , but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this , duquette does n't give nearly enough information to understand crowley 's works , and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere . as for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on crowley 's work , duquette outright fails . at times it seems as if duquette does n't even understand crowley or the book of thoth and the associated tarot deck . i do n't think the man even understands tarot in general ( and duquette 's own tarot deck is evidence of this too ) . at his best , duquette only manages to rephrase what crowley had to say in the book of thoth . typically though a lot of what crowley was getting at is complete lost in duquette 's work , a lot of it no doubt because duquette never really understood crowley at anything but a very base level . reading through the book of thoth , there are a few ways in which duquette could have made his book better . crowley 's phonetic translation of the i ching does n't follow the current standard , and sometimes the differences are confusing , especially if the reader is not already familiar with the i ching . a key showing crowley 's translation and the standard translation would 've been helpful . likewise crowley rarely wrote on astrology , despite astrology being alluded to many times through the book of thoth , and what he did write is hard to find . a chapter explaining crowley 's views on astrology would 've been great . if that was n't possible , then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what crowley was working with would have been helpful . however duquette 's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read . duquette 's book is n't useful as a reference to crowley 's work . duquette does n't seem to understand crowley most of the time , and fails to adequatley explain crowley 's ideas . besides some new-agey nonsense , like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays , duquette does n't offer any new ideas or insights into crowley 's work . except for a few nice diagrams ( which are common enough and easy to find ) , there is n't anything worthwhile contained in this book . at least not anything you wo n't get out of reading crowley 's book of thoth""
 'this product might do for a backpacking weekend with the boy scouts , but compared to a blade razor , or even an electric , it leaves a lot to be desired . i recommend giving it a pass'
 'i \'ve had my son in huggies brand since he was born . i started out with newborns and just went up in size . i loved them and they never sagged ( unless they were really full ) . i loved the trim look to them . when i had to get pampers brand because the store was out , the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load . even if i had just put them on and they were dry ! when my son was 1 , he decided to take off the "" tape "" on the daipers and he just would not keep it on . so i switched him to pull ups . he kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years . sometimes they did leak at night , because he went too much , but if i changed him once a night he was fine . now that he \'s older , i do n\'t have to change him , because he does n\'t go at night . these are really best out there , and they do n\'t look like they are always sagging like other diapers'
 'ms. melua is from georgia . her voice is quite like the swede , lisa ekdahl . neither has range or power ; both have a little girl voice and plenty of finesse . both have musical partners . in ms. melua \'s case it is mike batt who is to her what nelson riddle was to linda rondstadt , except that , in addition to arranging and conducting and coaching , he writes songs . most of this album are her and / or his songs . they are well written and well treated . they are are a careful team abnd do not cut corners . mr. batt , among many other things , worked with steeleye span and art garfunkel long ago . the original sogs are interesting and liquid pleasant in rendition . but my favorite cut is her rendering "" blues in the night "" , which some might remember from looney tunes cartoons many decades past ; "" my mama done tole me.. . "" it starts . knowing she cannot belt it , instead she works it . one short note on steve sale \'s engineering because another reviewer was crabbing about reverb and above all , clipping . perhaps because i bought it on vinyl , but i hear none of these defects . my set is revealing , and it reveals excellent engineering , considering the largeish ensemble mr. batt has assembeled . fear not , unless the cd really is badly made'
 'but a good debut album . this is when i felt proud knowin ja was from ny . no radio friendly s*** here just street for the most part . but i guess when you were never really gangsta in the first place you ca n\'t keep talkin about it , which is why i guess he changed his style . now the subject i wanna hit . has anyone noticed that guy named progressive ? why does amazon allow goofs who hate hip hop trash our culture ? and everytime i turn around its some damn rocker / junkie hippie . last time i checked rhythm and melody was part of music . i dont hear none of those when i through on heavy metal or rock . i \'m tired of our music bein trashed . you know what im a go trash one of they "" artist "" right now'
 ""the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : )""
 'i like guru because it has a more natural feeling towards your body . after drinking monster all day , my body felt like a mess ( from the many unnatural chemicals it does to your body ) . there are so many energy drinks out there that have loads of chemicals , its harder to find stuff like guru and bawls .'
 ""i really liked this product . i am a late 30 's woman whose skin is basically pretty good . i have occasional mild breakouts and some blackheads , but even before i bought the neutrogena microdermabrasion i would receive compliments on how smooth my skin is . but around age 35 i looked in the mirror and realized my skin was getting that middle-age dullness to it . unwilling to pay for a professional microdermabrasion , i decided to try the neutrogena at home system . the neutrogena microdermabrasion cream is easy to apply . the cream had the slightest pleasant smell , and was not sticky at all . i used well less than a teaspoon , so a little goes a long way . it was no problem to rinse it off my face with water , and the sponge was very easy to clean as well . the treatment took me less than 10 minutes , fit in easily to my bedtime routine , and after the initial start-up treatments you only need to do it a couple times a week . my skin definitely felt softer , smoother and more invigorated . i could notice a difference after only one treatment . but the real proof came from the way my husband did a double take a couple days later and commented that i looked younger . ( he did n't know about the microdermabrasion . ) and even my 6 year old daughter told me my face looked pretty . there was a clear and noticeable difference- -after only a few treatments my middle-aged dull skin had definitely gotten back some of its youthful glow , and the few large pores i have did appear smaller . being lazy , i have not incorporated it into my regular routine like i should , but i do pull it out a few days before special occasions , vacations , or anytime i feel the need for a little brightening up , and will definitely always keep it on hand . if you have particularly sensitive skin , this may not be a great product for you , as it is a bit , well , abrasive . for me , it was a painless process , and i would highly recommend it to anyone looking to give their skin a more youthful glow""
 'noam chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his , yours , and mine - the united states of america . he has made millions of dollars teaching , lecturing , selling his books , and investing . his world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved . his infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own jewish ethnicity and the u.s. , in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the united states . he has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of american foreign policy . he goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism , when he always ranks the u.s. and israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now , and even in history . his distrust of any authority , benign or otherwise , is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the "" underdog , "" even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as al queda or hezbollah . yet since 1955 , hypocrite chomsky has worked for the "" overdog "" massachusetts institute of technology , which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of war and mass destruction , and continues to this very day . chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the united states and the jewish state . if he were not so attached to the freedom of making money , earning the adulation of the american left , and freedom to express himself , he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in north korea , iran , or syria . let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much , the united states of america . god bless america , which will continue to give chomsky the right to speak , teach , and make lots of money . raybo'
 'if you are a christian , this book is n\'t for you . it is full of blashphemy , concluding that we must "" ... forgive god "" and that we must love god "" ... even if he isnt perfect "" . kusher even has the will to say that "" ...god would not be god.. . "" without our love for him . at one point he reduces god to an aminal saying that in the garden of eden , when god said "" ...let us make man in our image "" he was speking to animals and creation . kusher explains that god created the world , and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution . since when was god in need of forgiveness ? isnt it that "" ... god so loved the world "" and it wasnt us that loved god ? i have no words in describing this book . it is full of error , because it does not base it self on the gospel of jesus christ . all this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner , and that it isnt your fault , and that actully you are a good person . why do bad things happen to good people ? wrong question . there are no good people in the world in the first place . "" for all have sinned and come short of the glory of god.. . "" the world is in sin . the world does not have good people ! ! only by the grace of god , through faith in jesus christ you are made righteous . i beg you in the name of jesus christ to stay away from this book . it hasnt helped 4 million people , but it lied to them . kusher , please turn from your ways and come to jesus , then will you understand the life question "" why ""'
 'this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment'
 'you will probably read 50 / 50 from the reviews on this software . having used the older poser software.. . one thing i am a fan of is miki and terai yuki...japanese virtual beauties and if you are a fan of japanese styled video games and the character designs , the fact that e-frontier is now the company behind poser 6 , i \'m so stoked . granted , the software with bundles ( best to buy it bundled with other cool software ) , there is a free software out called daz3d . daz3d content creators make stuff for daz3d and poser and vice versa but no matter if you go with the free program or poser 6 , the result will be the same...expect to pay money for content . i highly recommend getting the book "" pratical poser 6 "" because it \'s very , very informative unlike the manual . next thing...before you buy...mosey down to daz3d.com , contentparadise.com , renderosity.com and ask yourself , can you afford to buy the content . content costs anywhere from free to over $100+. and the good stuff costs money...maybe not a lot but it does add up . the next thing to know is that after you buy the content , due to how the hair or clothing conforms to the body ( or how it \'s placed ) , they are not organized . to make matters worse is that the names that the creators have called their work are long that the window for the selections ( figure , pose , hair , prop , etc. ) can get cut off and so , it becomes a bit of a choir to go back and forth to certain folders . but i got used to it and the thing is ....all developers for the content are helpful . content paradise is a great place to buy your content as well as from the creators websites as well . there is a lot of trial and error and i wish there were more undos...because really , although there is an undo...you mess up...you ca n\'t just undo...you have to start over your from your save file ( and hopefully you saved ) . nevertheless , the stuff i was able to create in poser is wonderful . i will say that i have spent a lot not just on the poser and the bundle but the content . it adds up quickly ! ! ! so , consider the benefits for you . although i love the characters from daz3d and the ever popular foxhair , i \'m more a fan for poser but still expect to be buying content from dax3d for use of poser .'
 ""i used huggies pullups with my older child and started using them with my younger one . when they came out with dora on the easy ups and our grocery store had a huge dora display , my daughter had to use dora not the pullups which have the disney princess design which she is not that into ( i personally think the disney princesses are not a good choice for potty training age 2-3 year olds , i would assume that dora would be picked by more children that age ) . first off the smallest size they have is big for the average 2-3 year old . they did have a size 2t but from what i have seen it has been discountined . i do n't know if it is because they are a little big or the quality they do leak . i have never had a huggies pullup leak on me but these easy have on a regular basis . the design definetly got my daughter not wanting diapers and on the road to potty training but the leakage did n't make it easy for me . i would never use these for overnight use , pullups absorb so much better in an overnight situation . now if pampaers could make a better product or huggies could make a better design then i would be happy""
 'the paper version is a real touchstone for the practice of all manner of applied mathematics . the cd-rom version belongs in the discount bin . here is why : 1 ) the cd-rom is edition 5 ; but edition 6 has been out for 4 years . 2 ) the dynatext software , which is needed to read / browse / search the book , is showing signs of age . it works fine on the computers of a decade ago but not necessarily on the machines of today . see the review of j.f.groote . the product is advertised as working on macs but will not work on most macs . specifically , it does not seem to work on either g4 or g5 hardware with os x , even under the so-called "" classic "" mode . i believe that the problem is that the browser is shipped as an executable that requires a specific architecture . it is usable under windows , but you might need to use one of the backwards-compatibility options to run the installer . it will not apparently run under any form of linux , the most recent ( and rapidly becoming the most popular ) transmogrification of unix . again , dynatext is put on the cd-rom as a binary executable ; if you are not using sunos 4 or 5 , solaris or sgi irix 5.2 then you can not use this product'
 'worked fine for standard items . did not handle partnership issues completely . would be good to have a preview of the finished return before printed ( maybe this is possible , but i did not find this function ) . in general , an easy , straightforward program that gets the job done'
 ""this great underground master dj deservedly gets a release on a major record label.. . but there are too many rappers , not enough personality in the production , and obvious restraint in the sampling ( surely the result of copyright clearance issues . ) compared to z-trip 's amazing and audacious uneasy listening with dj-p and live at the future primitive with radar , this is just a bore.. . yawn.. .""
 'you likely wo n\'t get the system performance improvement that is advertised unless you had a very "" messy "" system . but it does have a great antivirus and firewall , and if you like to be able to tweak hidden settings and know a bit more about what is going on "" behind the scenes "" , it \'s an okay product . but be very careful with the cleanup tool . it will delete some important files if you are not careful ! !'
 ""stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome""
 ""you will probably be more productive and less bug ridden if you stick with what you have . do n't expect to turn this version on and be able to use it . many changes are literally imposed on you , like the ribbons instead of the familiar icon bars . missing menus and the auto-double space setting every time you hit return . there are new features which can be helpful to some , but microsoft probably thinks you can afford a week for retraining . the arrogance of microsoft not even to offer the menus everyone is used to as a classic or traditional option is incredible . you upgrade for hundreds of dollars to get totally stuck and run out to buy a manual .""
 'i \'m on page 110 of this book . the book has 220 pages . i \'m half way done and the author has not as of yet given me 1 valuable peace of information to help me forgive the person i am angry with . i bought this book because i have a lot of anger in me and the preface and reviews from other well know authors sold me on it with the belief that this book would help me . but , it is having the opposite affect . i feel i was duped into buying it ( because of the promises in the introduction and the glowing reviews ) . part 1 tells us what a "" grievance "" is . it tells us , and tells us again , and again , and again . the thing is i already know what a grievance is ! i know i \'m angry at someone , and i know it \'s not healthy , i know to forgive would help me... . i did n\'t need that to be explained to me over and over again for 59 pages . all that reading did was make me dwell and think more about the problem and increased my anger because of the book itself . when i reached "" part 2 "" , entitles "" forgiveness "" i thought finally... . but all part 2 has done is repeat what is in part 1 and what is in the introduction - how great the study was and how much it will help me . there are some great reviews of this book here at amazon and if this book helped some people that is great . but so far i ca n\'t agree with any of the positive comments . i have a great degree of respect for stanford university , i went to high school across the street from stanford and have taken classes there , but it pains me to have such a great school \'s name attached to this book . is it fair of me to write a review of a book i have not finished ? no.. . but i \'m afraid to continue reading it . i \'m already angry and to buy a book that i thought would help me , only to find it frustrating me , i do n\'t feel is not all that fair either..... .'
 'i read the good doctor \'s book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he \'s being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100% vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i \'ve been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i \'ve been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i \'m going to do 10 days and hoping for 14. i \'ve done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it \'s not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i \'ll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring . why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald \'s one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressants i \'m keeping dr. fuhrman \'s fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman \'s books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , "" you are responsible for your own health "" and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n\'t intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry . the last time i went to the dr. i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i \'d rather read a book'
 ""with every grisham book i read , i get more and more impressed with his ability to not only use the law to create suspense , but to insert other elements to make this human as well . for once , we have a character that is not consumed by financial gain . however , this person has been left most of an eleven billion dollar fortune . however , she does not know this . a lawyer is sent to find her , and in the process , undergoes a fundamental change of his own . this story takes place in washington , maryland , west virginia , and the rain forests along the brazilian-bolivian border . in typical grisham fashion , he inserts considerable detail in all of the venues of this book , enabling the reader to create a mental picture everywhere this story goes . you can picture the six heirs that are clawing to get their share of the millions . you can picture the judge itching to have a high profile fight . you can envision the rainforest , and you can picture in your mind the massive changes occurring in the life of nate o'riley . this is yet another grisham work that will simply stick to your fingers like glue . the pages literally turn themselves . do not start this novel before going to bed , or you may have a sleepless night simply for the fact you simply will not be able to put this one down .""
 ""okay , i am new to the world of stargazing . i purchased this telescope based on recommendations here at amazon.com . i have been completely satisfied . i am especially impressed with the clear , crisp viewing of the moon . i can see a few planets , but they are of course very small through the eyepiece . i do have a suggestion to anyone who may purchase this telescope . take your time putting it together . read all the directions first . pay special attention to the details concerning the collimator . if you do n't know what that is , you need to . i almsot made some major mistakes , screwing and unscrewing parts that needed to be left alone . if you pay attention to all of the details on the instructions , you will have the telescope together in a couple of hours and be well on your way to enjoying yourself , especially on a clear night . the package containing my telescope arrived in four days and was completely intact . i could n't be happier with my purchase . i am sure a more avid sky-watcher might want a little something more , but for the once-in-a-while gazer , this is the telescope . see ya next review .""
 ""phillip hoffman is searching for purity . unfortunately his play has been purchased by a wild hollywood movie crew , and they are off and shooting in waterford , vermont because main street is already there . it is cheaper than building a set . then the town folks , new englanders , dry and pragmatic , mingle with hollywood slime balls , daft , smooth-talking director , william h . macy and screen idol , young girl chasing , alex baldwin . sarah j . parker of sex in the city fame plays the nymphomaniac actress bedding everyone in sight . small town smart girl rebecca pigeon and writer hoffman make the necessary changes in the script and then they fall in love . a scandal threatens the shoot and somebody forgets the mayor 's dinner party . there is plenty of manic fun here . i recommend for a good laugh . also , is it just me or is william h . macy the best actor in the world""
 'i just installed autoroute 2007. there is a feature in autoroute where you can display various places of interest on the map . in this version , for some installations you can not hide restaurants . this has been reported on the microsoft uk autoroute community website . i loaded the program on a second computer with the same result . both systems run window xp pro . this means for certain cities , like paris , at certain magnifications , the map is completely cluttered with small green squares which indicate the location of a restaurant . microsoft only indicates that they will enter this bug into the work request for the next version of autoroute . they also say earlier versions were not affected . you may want to buy 2007 but check out your ability to show / hide all of the items of interest right away and be prepared to be dissappointed . i am going to try finding autoroute 2006 for sale'
 ""there are way to many lesbians still killing themselves because of the stresses of being a lesbian , it 's not even mildly acceptable that there are still more suicide as an option - self victimization films that are being praised and sold to us .""
 'or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n\'t shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n\'t shut up and play a straight beat for once . it \'s like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they \'ve done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . "" let me lie to you "" is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song \'s framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it \'s less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it \'s a shame they did n\'t do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart'
 ""this model was given to me as a gift almost two years ago . i bought another off of amazon because the recharge cord had a short in it , and i figured i could use a second one to keep in my travel bag . i 'd have to say i 'm pretty pleased with the trimmer . i like the fact that the guard slides up and down to the appropriate setting instead of me having to keep up with 4 or 5 individual plastic guards that have to be changed out when i want to change the trimming depth . i use it a few times a week , and it seems that it can go for months without needing a charge . the little vacuum that sucks the trimmings into the little holding area is not the strongest....it 's catches probably 70% of what i trim . you 'll want to be sure you 're standing over a sink or towel when using it . well worth the $30 i spent for this grooming tool""
 'we read all the previous reviews and thought this disc would be a keeper . we ( my husband , three kids 14 , 10 , and 5 ) tried it on a warm , spring evening in the car . one or two songs , like the banana splits , speed racer , and scooby-doo were fun . most however , were harsh , and too fast for the parents and youngest guy . i would rather try these songs in their original state and skip the covers'
 ""i needed a tele lens to complement my d50 purchase . a did n't want to spend too much money on it but i needed one that a least matched my lumix fz10 in sharpness . this certainly did and the vr really works , i am able to take sharp pictures up to 1 / 40. my d50 flies on it""
 ""although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan""
 'i only bought this one for the song by jerry orbach . the first 2 dvds were better'
 'the "" original "" glide was made by ( or used ) gore tex material . the photo for this product showed the logo for gore tex . the product shipped was the product now marketed by crest ; no mention of gore tex . the crest product is vastly inferior to the "" original "" gore tex'
 'it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened'
 ""hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash .""
 ""this movie is not a war movie . it is not remotely related to history either . guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history . since when did american troops in ww ii carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers ? this depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement . enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell ? can we spell bushido ? mallick can't . now , if you like touchy , feely , not the real world aesthetique , have at it . the scenery and photography is quite good .""
 ""what a great cast ! i mean looking at this line up you just have to watch this movie , right ? after it starts it is so mesmerizingly awful that you still have to watch it , although you are shaking your head in disbelief ! stunning ! you 've never seen anything quite like it ! if you are a fan of the campy awful , you may see it as a masterpiece , if not you will still have a unique viewing experience . proceed at your own risk ! borrow or rent it before plunking down your hard earned cash to buy it . did i mention the great cast ? so many of my favorites...even goodman ca n't save this clunker""
 'you know the music industry is in decline when people are giving this single a perfect rating . run for cover'
 '"" the end of democracy "" ( 2003 ) is the best answer to this theory'
 ""this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself .""
 'miles vorkosigan \'s cunning plan is to court the widow ekaterin . unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision . miles is an idiot . mark vorkosigan \'s cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using "" butter bugs "" , a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance . [miles calls it "" bug vomit "" ] mark wants to help kareen kouldelka earn her way back to a beta colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments . ivan vorpatril \'s strait forward plan , [ivan is n\'t known for \' cunning \' , ] is to propose to the lady donna . lord dono has something to say about that . lord dono has a cunning plan . but who the heck is lord dono ? ? surround the whole story with the pending marriage of emperor gregor and the lady laisa , and the vor are dropping like flies on bug butter . this vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns , no threats of death , [well...not really.] it does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans . you \'ll suffer for miles , and then cheer at the inevitable outcome . ekaterin is no shrinking violet ! do n\'t mess with her ! a civil campaign is a terrific read ! [a previous reviewer commented on the cover \'s inaccuracy in depicting mile \'s stature . actually i believe the couple on the cover are meant to be emperor gregor and the lady laisa . it \'s their wedding after all . if that \'s the case then the cover would be okay.] shards of honor barrayar {hugo winner} the warriors apprentice the vor game {hugo winner} cetaganda brothers in arms borders of infinity mirror dance {hugo winner} memory komarr -a civil campaign - {this review} diplomatic immunity'
 'every time i use the product- - - 3 out of 4 times i receive an error and have to try it agai'
 ""i was like the previous reviewer . i had rented it and after watching it the first time , purchased it before i had even returned the rental ! i loved the content , it gives one hope and a small glimpse into what lies beyond our human experience . how lovely to know that there is a life we can barely imagine , waiting to be returned to . and i did n't learn this fact from the video , i have been studying this subject for many years and already believe , no i know , that there is more that lies beyond this brief stay on earth . this video illustrates it so beautifully with people who have had a glimpse into that wonderful place that is our true home . people who are dying yet unafraid as they are being shown what is yet to come . my own mother saw her mother as she died . she came to take her home . there is no specific religion addressed here , only the fact that there is more to life than living and dying . and that it is something to be totally unafraid of . in fact physical death is only the beginning of something great ; it is a step in the evolution of our souls""
 'please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard'
 'the overwhelming impression i get from this film is : wow , these guys are alive ! they are not just making their way through a boring life , they \'re out there doing interesting things , doing cool stuff , having adventures & generally living their lives to the fullest . the "" they "" that i refer to includes just about everybody in the movie , from paul pena to the guys travelling with him to richard feynman to the tuvans that paul meets and befriends . the documentary gets hazy in spots ( i \'m still not sure of some of the tuvan inter-relationships ) but does a good job of establishing empathy with pena , a blind man relying on others in a place far from home . the dvd extras are o.k. , the interview with the filmmakers gave some backstory to the movie . i did not watch the film with the filmmakers commentary turned on ; a commentary seems kind of contrary to the purpose of a documentary but i suppose you could get more factual info & technical details on the commentary'
 'i do not understand why people are so waxing poetic about this album . there is nothing new or \' fresh \' or \' original \' or at all thought-brovoking about this music , unless you happen to be easily pleased by any simple pseudo-pop sound . i have only recently discovered the world of no-wave music , but i was introduced to it through artists like arab on radar and scissor girls . so when i tried out my first sonic youth album , i was way more than dissapointed . i do n\'t know how this can be classified as no-wave anymore . sure they show some trait in a few wailing off key guitars and an occasioinal shouted spoken word , but they are all only half-assed and are muddled up in cliche indie pop love tunes that have only been done in every other band . the most notable anything is the catchy medlody of becuz . it is really catchy , yet it managaes to be unique enough to rise above the typical "" catchy tunes "" ethos . xiu xiu \'s "" knife play "" would probably be considered more of a pop / no-wave sound that does not sacrifice the aggressive anti-music drive of no-wave.. . and still retain the emotional pop sinsibility . i do n\'t know. . all i know is that wasing machine is a letdown . it does not reach me artistically by a long shot . emotionally , i can think of am million other artists ( mars volta , emerson lake & palmer , clouddead , ulver , edvard greig ! ) who can put me on a much higher cloud and help me get in touch with the human condition . this however is far to cheezy , and i do n\'t know , but i think it reeks of that shallow indie fashion clique. .'
 'do n\'t expect to receive this by christmas even though it says "" in stock "" . i ordered this on dec. 14th and just received word today , the 20th , that it is not expected to ship until the end of january , early february . so if you need it for a specific occasion , do n\'t count on it getting there in time'
 ""i ordered the original item , used it for about a week , then sent it to my son in new hampshire . he used it less than fifteen minutes and it locked up , never to function properly again . i ordered a replacement , checked it out and sent it on to him , with the same result - - less than 15 minutes of use , it quit working . i thought the unit was nice , compact and fairly easy to use , but with two malfunctions in two cameras , i do n't think i would recommend this aiptek model to anyone""
 ""purchased a case of bally energy drink since i seemed a bit sluggish after a 12 hour work day and kept making excuses not to work out . gets me up and at em ' and no more excuses for not going for a long walk or trip to the gym ! drank 1 can in the morning @ 5:30 am and another around 3pm . give it a try""
 ""i recently re-read antony and cleopatra prior to attending the colorado shakespeare festival 's performance of the ambitious play under the summer stars here in boulder . drawn from sir thomas north 's 1579 english version of plutarch 's lives , william shakespeare ( 1552-1616 ) produced this romantic tragedy late in his career , around 1607 , and published it in the first folio in 1623. it tells the story of a doomed romance between two charismatic lovers , roman military leader , marc antony , and the captivating queen of egypt ( and former mistress of julius caesar ) , cleopatra . when his wife , fulvia unexpectedly dies , antony is summoned from egypt to rome to mend a political rift with octavius by marrying his recently widowed sister , octavia . of course , this news enrages passionate cleopatra . she vents her anger on the messenger , but is quick to realize that octavia is no real rival to her when it comes to beauty . however , antony soon follows his heart back to cleopatra 's arms , abandoning his new wife in athens . this leads to war , when octavius declares war on egypt . after octavius eventually defeats antony at alexandria , cleopatra sends a false report of her suicide , which prompts antony to wound himself mortally . antony dies in his lover 's arms , and rather than submit to roman rule under the new caesar ( octavius ) , the heart-broken cleopatra asks to have a poisonous snake delivered to her in a basket of figs . in the end , antony and cleopatra is as much about new sparks re-igniting the flames of love as new political forces supplanting old political regimes . it is a play that reminds me that it is perhaps better to re-read and understand shakespeare than to devour one bestseller after the next . g . merritt""
 ""when merging female vocal yodels and copying elements from switchblade syphony , one can only be disappointed in diva destruction 's music . the positive aspect is the better production on this cd compared to their debut""
 ""i had to put this review in because of the unfair one previously given . before i purchased this software , i checked out 5-6 of the major fish screensavers out their and this one is by far the most realistic , ( movement , background , lighting , and noise ) . i have two computers , one 800 mhz the other 1.4 ghz processor and the program runs perfect on both . the goldfish screensaver is just as impressive , if you 're into that kind of fish . do n't let other marine / freshwater screen savers fool you by advertising more fish and backgrounds , the quality in all aspects , especially 3d-graphics and color ( which are a must if your looking for realism ) , are poor . i personally thought i 'd like the extra fish and backgrounds ( turtles in particular ) in a competitors screen saver , so i purchased it instead of this one . after trying it , i was very disapointed and luckily i was able to receive a refund . i purchased marine aquariun and have never regretted it since . what 's great is they have a demo on their website your can try out too""
 'i explected the microdermabrasion head to rotate , but instead it vibrates very strongly in your hand . my hands are still buzzing from the night before when i used this product . i would not recommend this product to anyone else , i loved the crystals cream .'
 ""brooke dojny 's new england cookbook : 350 recipes from town and country , land and sea , hearth and home , is a stunning achievement , a magnum opus of a cookbook . published by the harvard common press , the book chronicles the cookery of new england from maine to connecticut , from the first thanksgiving to the present . dojny 's approach to the region goes well beyond new england standbys like clam chowder ( although she offers three tempting recipes ) and spans practically all the food traditions of all the ethnic groups who ever called new england home . the eight baked bean recipes in the book include one for cuban black beans and yellow rice and another for west indian peas ' n rice . new england cookery has embraced food from all over the world - - besides caribbean , you 'll find culinary influences of native american , english , portuguese , italian , irish , german scandinavian , greek , french and hungarian cooks - - and all are represented in this book . yet , for all its broadness of scope , this is a very personal book ; dojny 's voice can be heard throughout , in the headnotes , sidebars and essays that describe the people and places associated with the recipes . the book is also a wealth of new england food history and lore , as well as tips on cooking techniques and ingredients . bravo ! ( excerpted from the culinary connection , the newsletter of the connecticut women 's culinary alliance""
 ""not a great deal of new insight here . i did learn a bit more than i knew , however , about meade 's failure to pursue at gettysburg . mr. boritt is the editor and author of one essay ; other essays are by four historians : stephen w . sears , mark e . neely , jr. , michael fellman , and john y . simon . ( alan j . jacob""
 'i must say my first reaction was to be surprised at how much better hawking is at explaining modern physics than my college instructors were . heisenberg \'s uncertainty principle was just an equation i learned . hawking made it seem like common sense . hawking tries a little too hard to be witty at times ( and punctuates all of his jokes with exclamation points ! just in case you missed them ! ) , but all-in-all , this was a quite readable account of what \'s presently known about cosmology . i use the term "" presently "" guardedly , as just recently there was some big finding about dark matter ( it exists ! ) , but from now on , when there are new findings in physics , i want hawking to explain them to me , because i feel like then i might understand them . that \'s why you should read this book . the reason you should not read this book is because you have no interest in wrestling with abstractions with which you will never interact in daily life , and would rather read about global warming or darfur or something a bit more topical and practical . this was still a hard read , and i feel like i grasped maybe 80% of it . for you to decide , but for a former engineering student , this was something i wish i had read when i was taking physics'
 'denzel washington is probably my favorite actor . even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate , he shone . tom hanks ? well , lemme quit hating the guy . this is a well-intentioned movie , tom did a creditable job , and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached . i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy . a passionate one , though , since he \'s still a latino , after all . actually , this is a hollywood "" message movie , "" and you know what that means . it \'s about as subtle as michael moore . those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours . those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie , those who do n\'t agree with the message , stay as far away from it as possible . there \'s a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy . the way they stared at him reminded me of "" lao wei in china "" experiences . denzel \'s character was reminded of segregation , even though he \'s too young to remember it , and started to care about tom hanks \' character . aids discrimination is bad . actually , any discrimination at all is bad . and that \'s the movie \'s message . i agree with the message , but still . that \'s all we \'ve got . as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter , if the name "" sam francisco "" means anything to you , you \'ve seen subtle commentary on discrimination . i love a great courtroom drama . this one was merely good . with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film , they had to take a few shortcuts here . sad , ai n\'t it ? but even so , a well-intentioned film that i \'m glad i saw . once . not twice . once is enough , thank you .'
 'just like any other minidv tape . good pric'
 '18th century opera dressed in 20th century clothe not my cup of tea'
 'this is a great show and very entertaining . the story is n\'t the greek classic , but it \'s a fine riff on it . the songs are good , and they grow on you as you watch . i take issue with the reviewer who thought there was gratuitous sexuality in the meg character - it \'s just a cartoon , for pete \'s sake . like some other reviewers , i was also annoyed with michael bolton singing "" go the distance "" over the end credits , but this dvd has a music video of the spanish language version , "" no importa la distancia , "" sung by ricky martin , and it is killer ! this one is well worth the money'
 'we absolutely loved "" cloudy with a chance of meatballs "" ( i highly recommend it ) but this is nowhere near as good . most of the story is just rehashing the original book , with a little politically-correct "" let \'s ship the extra food to the hungry "" thrown in . lame'
 ""thanks for office . i bought a new h / p desktop that only had a 60-day office trial - - and literally had to pay the price . thanks to you , i 'm glad i did n't have to pay full retail . installed like a charm - - downloading sure has gotten a heck of a lot smoother . bless your hearts""
 ""this is the classic original round stick old spice deodorant formula and now i realize that it is really dated . the formula has n't changed since its inception and you will know it when the alcohol starts to burn your underarms . if you want the great smell of old spice then just use the after shave and cologne , but stay away from the old stick deodorant . i 'll continue to use the old spice high endurance deodorants which have improved modern formulas & scents and work much much better .""
 'a vitamin is a vitamin but when you pay half price then you have something'
 'i purchased this for my mother . she states that it runs too fast and it is painful . i tried it myself , and it hurts just like she says . not recommended'
 'recieved product on time , and i wil for sure order from this company agai'
 'my kids ( 6 and 8 ) are learning so much from fritz and chesster 2 ! ! in fact , my 6 year old daughter started winning a few games at their local chess club after graduating to this game ( from fritz and chesster 1 ) . today i decided to play with them ( since they do n\'t like to play against each other - they \'re still working on that "" good sportsmanship "" thing ) , and i let them team up against me . i was viewing this as an opportunity to help them think ahead , predict moves , and protect their pieces . however , i was the one who learned ! ! they surprised me again and again by reciting strategies ( move your bishops and knights out , save your queen for the real battle , do n\'t move your pawns willy nilly , break your oponnent \'s wall , etc.. . ) they had learned from this game . they also knew the relative value of the pieces , but could see advantages to making uneven swaps sometimes . for example , they shocked me by sacrificing a bishop for a pawn in order to open a hole in my wall , which they later exploited to checkmate my king . this was a strategy that even 1 month ago would have been unthinkable to them . anyway , i defer to other more experienced chess players and computer users who have made specific comments about graphics , dialogue , and strategies . i am sure that at some point , my kids will move beyond this game and what it has to offer . but for now i could n\'t be happier with the chesster and fritz games ! my kids absolutely love playing the computer games and are really learning to play chess - and not just "" computer chess "" , but chess that lets them beat other kids at chess club - not to mention me . i think i \'m going to go demand a rematch : )'
 ""this was actually the first kellerman novel i read and i found it kind of dull at first , but that 's only because i did n't know any of the situations or people among whom i was thrust . after reading a couple earlier books , i have re-read this one and i now find it interesting . so , i would really have to recommend that one tries to read the series more or less in order . this one starts out with alex delaware seeing a new girlfriend named allison . robin has married another man after some ten ( ? ) years with alex . [i have n't read the one where she actually leaves yet ( unless this is the first mention of it ) , but if she broke his heart ... ! ] see , i had no idea who robin was first time i read this - makes a difference . the cuuuuute little dog named spike makes an appearance too . first time i read it , he was just an irritating little squirt , but now i know just how adorable he can really be and it was nice seeing him again . alex 's police pal milo is a lieutenant now and can pick and choose his cases . he and alex are together when they come across a grisly crime scene . a young couple has been brutally murdered and the woman can not even be identified . milo draws alex into the investigation and it gets complicated . everything seems to lead back to the dead boy 's psychologist and when she turns up murdered too , things really start cooking with gas ! i adore detective milo sturgis . i know alex is the star , but i ca n't help it . milo is such a great character""
 'the product did just what i wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . i had an earlier version of nero but it would not do this .'
 '[below is my recent review of the jvc everio gz-mg40 , which has a 20gb hard drive rather than 30gb . becase gz-mg50 seems to be identical to gz-mg40 save the hard drive capacity , i thought this review would be useful to those considering to buy gz-mg50.] - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - i have been using this camcorder for almost two weeks now . and here are my impressions : pros : a ) this is a tiny camcorder and i can easily carry it in my pocket everyday . b ) it records directly on a [30gb] harddrive . this is probably the most amazing feature of this camera . it has the following amazing benefits : ( 1 ) a huge recording space ( 2 ) random access to recorded videos when browsing ( through a thumblist of videos ) ( 3 ) super fast transfer onto your computer through usb 2.0. ( 4 ) no tapes , no cds , no dvds to worry about while recording video . ( 5 ) facilitates easy archiving / organizing . for example , all the recorded files on the camera \'s harddrive have "" creation date "" s as a part of their file information . when the camera is connected to your computer , you can sort all files by date and easily separate all recordings by date to different folders by simply selecting and dragging . ( this is extra , but if you want to index and be able to search your video files , say with google desktop , simply enter a list of keywords in the file name about the contents of the file . ) ( 6 ) the harddrive on your camera can double as additional portable storage media - this is unlikely but if you wanted you could even install linux on it and carry with you an operating system on your camera . c ) video quality is good for a consumer level video camera . the sound quality recorded through the internal microphone is good : i can hear the lectures i record very clearly and there is no annoying noise generated by the camera . d ) the charger that comes with this camera is very small . so you can carry that around as well and worry less about running out of battery . cons : a ) no mic jacks . b ) manual focus and light adjustments are done through menus . c ) the editing software that comes with it is limited . d ) the battery life is a mere hour ( but you can buy a 3 hour battery for 70-80 dollars ) . as with all camcorders , the still images shot with this camera are not at the level of quality you can get from a good still camera . it produces reasonable snapshots in well lit situations . the video files recorded by this camera have a "" .mod "" extension in their name . i replace "" .mod "" with "" .mpg "" and most of my standard video viewing software automatically recognize the files'
 ""i got a hold of a windows vista ultimate disk . it gave the choice to install home basic , home premium , business , or ultimate . i installed vista home basic , because i only have 512 mb of ram . likes : i like the new wallpapers and the way it looks . my documents and my music folder remind me of itunes . dislikes : do n't like that my less than 6 month old hp printer does n't work with vista and my usb net link cable does n't work with vista . when you install something screen slowly fades out and then a window comes up asking you if you want to run the program and trust it . it 's a little annoying because it forces you to stop what your doing and answer the question before you can continue . verdict : i like it , but the incompatibility issues are enough for me to want to stick with xp . i would n't buy home basic . if you really want vista , buy a new computer with vista preinstalled or install a trial version of vista to make sure everything works . i 'm going back to xp , until hp releases vista drivers for my printer . i 'll write reviews on home premium , business , and / or ultimate if i ever get more ram . my computer 2.8 ghz pentium d 512 mb ram 128 mb video car""
 ""has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones""
 'money has built in value for the none accoundant person . with little or no training a novice can become familar with this software in a very short time . microsoft has a winner'
 'although many reviewers did n\'t like the second part of the "" hills "" , i still would n\'t call it "" one of the worst sequels ever "" or "" the worst wes craven film "" . certainly this is not a masterpiece , even in the framework of horror genre , but i do n\'t see why it should be worse than any other slasher flick . when i was watching it , i came to a conclusion early wes craven had been imitating other directors rather often . i \'m not saying he was not original at all - eventually he shot "" a nightmare on elm street "" in 1984. but "" the hills have eyes "" were reminiscent of "" texas chainsaw massacre "" , and in the beginning of 80s , when slasher era started , i guess craven decided to make something in the same manner . maybe the reason was craven \'s long-time buddy sean cunningham created "" friday the 13th "" in 1980 , and wes was envious ? : ) anyway the second part of "" the hills have eyes "" turned out to be a pure slasher like many others at that time . and it obviously was n\'t the worst and in many ways was like above mentioned "" friday the 13th "" : the score was written by harry manfredini , known to every "" friday "" fan , and the music in "" hills 2 "" is just like in early "" fridays "" . the body count increased comparing to the first part and approached a regular slasher movie . kevin blair who had a leading male part here , would star in "" friday the 13th part vii "" a couple of years later along with kane hodder , who did stunts for "" the hills have eyes 2 "" and in "" friday "" would play you know whom . of course here we can see some stupidities as in other slasher movies ( like characters wandering in night all alone instead of sticking together , all the big strong guys get killed , and a handicapped girl survives - i \'m not even considering it as a spoiler for it is obvious from the very beginning , especially if you \'ve seen a couple of horror films in your life ) , but is that a problem for a true horror fan ? we \'ve learned not to take this trivia into account . so i think "" the hills have eyes 2 "" managed on many levels , and it would be interesting to have it in your collection , if you have the first one . for they are two totally different films talking about the subgenres of horror .'
 'i read all 33 of the other reviews here to get other perspectives - a lively debate . there were so many brilliant things said about the film , that i found myself passing out "" helpful "" votes ( to both positive & blisteringly negative reviews ) like they were candy . the movie is an evocative work of art . i encourage people to read all the reviews if they want to enjoy the movie from many different points of view . i agree with many of the positive and negative comments that have been made by other reviewers , but i will limit my comments to items not previously mentioned . the dvd cover gives the false impression that this is a love story about two young lovers , a sort of "" blue lagoon "" from the renaissance . it is not . it is misleading . i concede a ) the story is probably not historically accurate , b ) statutory rape occurred and probably rape under any definition , & c ) tossi was probably inconsiderate , conceited , and immoral . but the quality of a film is not judged solely on historical accuracy and the high morality of the characters . having said that , i do object that the movie , according to the rape trial transcript and some of the best evidence available , is not just inaccurate , but oppositional to what probably occurred . therefore , i critique the film for portraying itself as the story of a real person . the movie stumbles internally because it tries to justify actual historical effects with fictional ( or incorrect ) causal factors . and those cause-effect relationships do n\'t seem to ring true . having said that , i agree with some of richard burt \'s review comments that "" historical accuracy "" may still be subject to interpretation . it is reasonable that artemisia may have been more adversarial speaking in a public rape trial ( defending her freedom and reputation ) than she might have been with tassi personally . and it seems too easy to just paint tassi as a purely evil character as other reviewers have done . there is usually more complexity and diverse / conflicting interests in most people , especially artists . one strong objection - near the end of the film , artemisia says , "" no one dies of sorrow . "" while there is probably some intended sarcasm in the comment , the line frustrated me . people do die of sorrow . my limited experience has suggested that some of the smartest , most sensitive , artistic , and caring people i \'ve encountered were the same people most threatened by sorrow . and the people i have admired the most are the same people who have been mortally threatened by sorrow . not selfish , controlling , or passive-aggressive sorrow , but rather sorrow that comes from other less obvious motivations - often unidentified & misunderstood misconceptions . sorrow can lead to literal death and deaths of the spirit , character , the soul , & creativity . sorrow is not incidental . sorrow can destroy health . or as the angel of america in "" angels in america "" says , "" the body is the garden of the soul . "" sorrow is worth full attention . the movie tries to examine the effect of artemisia \'s loyalties to her father and her teacher . the screenwriter is not bent on us assessing those relationships as simply "" good "" or "" bad "" ; both relationships are drawn as having both good or bad effects on artemesia . her loyalties encourage her artistry and her expression . they work to create an environment that does not inhibit or conceal her gifts . at the same time , they are so intrusive that they almost certainly affect her choices , privacy , and pacing beyond her desired level of influence . artemisia realizes she would probably not be the painter she becomes except for her father \'s drive and design . at the same time , she also laments that his constant intervention narrowed the occupations she could participate in - in polite society . may your loyalties encourage seeking and speaking the best personal truths you can find . and may the best personal truths you can find shape your loyalties . compare caravaggio \'s "" judith beheading holofernes "" to artemisia \'s version of the same painting . her version is more violent , realistic ( less idealized in posing , dirtiness , lighting , etc. ) . her version has the female servant actively helping judith . artemisia \'s paintings show a palpable understanding of hate , violence , sexuality & compassion . artemisia likely became expressive of the personal feelings and experiences she knew best . that \'s why people care about whether a movie about her life characterizes her experiences accurately - because we want to know what led her to her creative decisions'
 ""very slow storage even with a fast card....small but too thick for comfortable handling . i ended up selling it on ebay and buying a canon sd600 which is a great camera , thin enough to fit in your shirt pocket , fast storage of images and the battery lasts a very long time . i 've charged it once and have taken many many holiday pictures . do n't buy the nikon without first checking out the canon sd600.""
 ""i 'm a black male and everytime i would shave normally i would get irritated skin and ingrown hairs . at first i 'd feel a little itch throughout the day and by the end of the day i 'd see these tiny little bumps with white heads ( about 10-20 of them ) . that was before . now after i apply the product i do n't have the itch nor do the tiny bumps come up anymore . it just feels like i never had any hair on my face in the first place . the only bad thing about this product is that it burns slightly but i do n't really care i mean it 's not like the product claims to be painless .""
 ""i love this turban . it enables me to dry my hair without wearing a huge towel on my head . it 's lightweight and extremely absorbant . i have been using one for more than 5 years . i 'll never go back to usung a regular towel for my hair""
 ""the foam is tooooo. . soft . it 's does not give me any back suport that i need it .""
 ""do n't get me wrong with the 2 stars some songs here are really good . traffic ur adagio for strings nyana those songs are just great and the best off the album . but songs like walking on clouds sweet misery love comes again forever today can only be enjoyed so little times but they are good though . no song here is annoying in the beginning and i see a lot of 5 stars and either they are just suckers for dj tiesto or they wrote the review as soon as they got it . cause after months of having this you will see yourself skipping to songs just to hear the good stuff . dj tiesto shows he does a good job working with vocals but for a number 1 dj i expect to be hearing his stuff for a long time before getting annoying verdict : 2.8 out of 5.0 not bad for the first 20 listens but damn i could have enjoyed it much more""
 ""a film that 's a little like trying to find your way out of a house of mirrors or an attempt to reassemble an image once it has been split by a prism . since nothing is as it seems , we may as well be inside a fictionalized world ; like the unicorn story the main character , cathryn , is writing . this fantasy is read aloud throughout the film creating a framework whose only relevance to the story unfolding , is to reassure us that we have stepped into a world that is a creation of the imagination ; however , the fact that is comes from the mind of a schizophrenic is hardly reassuring . a glance at the cast of characters hints that they are not necessarily who or what they seem ( hugh is played by rene , rene is played by marcel who is played by hugh . cathryn is played by susannah and susannah plays cathryn ) . insanity is not an ordering principle of the mind , but rather a vain attempt to put order to an ever-changing palette of images that may or may not be reflections of images within the mind instead of outside . a very atmospheric film made more so by the disturbing score that is not altogether in sync with the action , another technique that constantly keeps the viewer off balance""
 ""after reading the great reviews regarding the vct870rm tripod ( here and elsewhere ) , i decided to purchase one for my sony hdr-hc1 camcorder . when i first opened the box , the vct870rm seemed sturdy and well made . the tilting action was smooth and had a nice touch , and the remote controls on the handle worked well . however , the panning action was so stiff that while attempting to pan , the main column would twist and the handle would bend slightly . it felt like the tension control knob was tightened , but that was not the case . in fact , the panning continued to drag severely even with the tension knob completely removed . i recently found a vct870rm review from about 5 years ago where somebody else was having the same problem with stiff panning . however , due to all of the other great reviews for this tripod , i 'm assuming that i just received a bad one . i 'm now in the process of working with amazon to get a replacement sent to me . so far , amazon has been great , as they 've already scheduled ups to come to my home and pick up the defective tripod the very next day . they say that i 'll receive my new tripod next week . i 'll post here on the status of the new one when it arrives . update : i received a new replacement vct870rm tripod from amazon , and this one works great . panning and tilting are both very smooth , and the tension is adjustable . if i 'd have received this tripod originally , i would 've given it 5 stars . the first vct870rm i received was definitely defective . i 'm glad i returned it , and i 'm glad i bought it through amazon ( best price at the time , and a hassle-free return )""
 'this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money'
 'i was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs . it covers several different styles of training , clicker and others . i would highly recommend it as a excellent resource in your inventory of training methods . i am using it on my 9 week old rat terrier and he will fetch , come sit and down with a little help and yes even shake hands'
 ""it works , but it takes a long time to really trim it down . very low power , made of plastic . i do n't recommend this product""
 'its a great gps once its starts and detects the satellites ( sometimes it can take up to 5 mins ) . i used it with iguidance and that software is the whole world of difference . i can actually hear what the direction are saying vs the software that came with the gps unit ( robotic sounds , need to subtitle that for me please ! )'
 'this book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is , how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis , etc. however , i do n\'t want to live with ra , i want to recover from it . as such , this book offers no help in this regard . it tells me about drugs that i can take and splints that i can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled , but offers me no hope of recovery . in contrast , the book "" conquering arthritis "" by barbara allan , is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease , to get their life back . and succeeded ! i \'m well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book . now that \'s a book well worth spending your money on'
 ""i wonder if they 'll continue this to focus on the kid , the father , and the other people ? who really cares to be honest - such trash""
 'robin gibb has one of the most distinctive voices of the 1960s . with the bee gees or as a solo artist he has enough hits to make his own live show . however , in this live recording he chooses to recreate mostly bee gees hits on which he had a secondary role on their famous three part harmonies . thus he needs the help of another lead singer , chorus and the neue philharmonie frankfurt orchestra . but everything goes wrong here : robin \'s voice remains buried among a real bulk of unmixed music ; the lead singer ( no list of credits ) is a poor substitute to barry gibb \'s famous falsetto ; the female voices are not very inspired , to say the least ; while the orchestra is frequently out of tune and noisy ( the winds on juliet are really unbearable ) . post-production seems to be non-existent and the overall sound is chaotic . lines notes by experts andrew mon hughes and ann grootjans are interesting and illustrative , but they seem to belong to another album . the message from robin gibb seems to be clear : "" i can do it all by myself "" . well , he cannot . he should re listen to one night only ( 1998 ) and check for sound , harmonies and production'
 ""this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie""
 'this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program'
 'the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof .'
 'i have to admit , i expected a lot more from mr setzer . the first track was ok , then it proceeded to go down hill from there . not much rockabilly happening , then it all comes clear with "" really rockabilly "" when he slags off all his traditional rockabilly fans...world wide . he even gives us aussies a serv , even though i do n\'t think he has ever set foot here . if brian wants to turn his back on rockabilly and try swing , jazz , rock or whatever , then go ahead , but why slag your old fans ? . it \'s the last time i buy one of his cds without listening to it first'
 'this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped'
 ""this book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of mysql . this is a thick book that covers a lot of material . the last chapters even provided introductions to application development with c , perl and php . mysql : the complete reference really seemed like an actual complete reference . while it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic . most of the focus was on sql ( structured query language ) though . there were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors . for one thing , you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise . also , it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so i could follow along in more of the examples . frequently , my result set would n't quite match the one in the book . additionally , some of the command would n't even execute or would return an error message . lastly , the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages . but , i believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that i was running mysql on windows . although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a unix installation . also , mysql would be several versions newer on my computer . i believe that made a difference on some of the results as well . and for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested gui programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt . so , i was n't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another . nevertheless , there were still plenty of quality examples i could follow along in . in addition , there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material . overall , this book works well as a reference or for working the chapters in order . even though the book 's user level is n't indicated i believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner .""
 'this was one of the first books that i picked up after my divorce 17 plus years ago . i knew that i was giving these men all my love , but even with all the love i was giving them they were treating me like i did not matter . knowing there is a problem is the first step and what a huge step that is . after reading this book the light bulb went on with a bang and it has never gone off . i have struggled with relationhsip issues , but at least i know what is going on and with each relationship i got better and better until i got it right . i learned i had to read the signs that i chose to ignore for some many years . i have been in a healthy relationship now for 8 years with a man that shows me his love ( along with telling me ) and treats me the way i deserve .'
 ""this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !""
 ""with someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome . why dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of shakespeare 's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me . it 's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally . if you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like wiley 's , chemistry - concepts and problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple , straightforward manner . for anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school 's curriculum is just absurd""
 ""i do n't know , but. . i could n't get myself to swallow it . it made me , literally , vomit . i wish i just ordered power bar 's vanilla-yoghurt flavored one , which tastes fantastic and i love so very much . anyway , probably it 's just me but , it really really makes me sick. . i thought i would taste something new but oh well. .""
 'why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .'
 'this was part of the marvel action hour along with iron man . at first , the animation and dialogue was pretty bad and they had annoying supporting characters , but the series remain true to the comics . the story lines they took from the comics were done very well , like episodes involving the silver surfer'
 'this dvd is way cool with a buch of sport themed episodes . first scooby and the gang help a baseball hero break a home run record , but the ghost of cab crag is n\'t too happy about having his record broken . then they compete in a off road race with a giant worm as a competitor - and what \'s with the worm worshipers -i mean they go like whoo "" a giant worm is our god , whoo we hate cars "" . then they go to the bocephus wrestling facility . could they come up with a better name than bocephus ? there \'s a really freaky creature which may scare your little sister . the last episode is , by far , the best . a hockey ghost is terrorizing the world cup hockey event . he \'s one of the toughest ghosts ever , either that , or the russian police are the biggest whimps ever ! i think this dvd is a good buy if you are a scooby fan , just be prepared , it can get a little goofy . joey'
 ""this product almost had me going to the er . i felt a little flush so i used this monitor to check my blood pressure . it was 151 / 98. a second check showed 148 / 100. i then really started feeling flush as a wave of burning flushed my body . my wife an rn said calm down , breath deeply . i went over to my rottweiler and started hugging and petting her . after about 10 min . i felt the flushness go away but the blood pressure showed 162 / 99. i made a dr 's appointment and brought the machine with me . in his office where my pressure always is elevated when he 1st takes it , i used the machine in front of him and my pressure was 153 / 107. i really got nervous . he took it with his machine and it was 140 / 82. you wo n't believe the relief . he took it again with another machine and it had come down to 135 / 80. i 'd like to return the machine for a non-digital one . i 've seen this before with a digital machine from a different company""
 'a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics'
 ""there are some good things about this film - - it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the nazi propaganda machine was , for one thing . it also shows the main character , antoine moreau , a ( fictional ) famous french mime , having his eyes opened to the reality of the nazis ' ' final solution ' to the ' jewish problem' . brought to a czech town that has been ' given to the jews ' by the nazis in order to stage a performance that will be seen by the swiss red cross delegation , hopefully persuading them that the germans are not as monstrous as they have been portrayed , moreau changes his original idea for the performance , hoping to get a ' silent ' message to the red cross that will let them know the true fate of jews ( and other ' undesirables ' ) at the hands of the nazis . i 'll briefly mention a couple of less-than-positive observations , and then get into my main problem with the film . the production values reminded me a bit of a made-for-tv movie - - and from time to time it seemed that the sound was a little out of sync with the picture . the image quality on the dvd could have been much better as well . also , the shanachie dvd release is version of the film that has been dubbed with english . this is , in the case of this film , not very well-done . the cabaret singer , for instance , comes across as completely unbelievable in that her voice does n't match her face or ethnicity in the least . everyone in the film winds up with an english accent , which detracts from any authenticity that might have been retained using subtitles instead of clumsy dubbing . another reviewer below brought up the dubbing problem as it apples to one of one of the children , stella ( portrayed by linda jablonska ) . her voice does not sound at all like that of a little girl . she develops a bit of a crush on antoine , which in itself seems like a pretty natural occurrence under the circumstances - - here is a famous artist who has come to the village to stage a show , with her as one of the leads , who is kind and supportive and friendly to her , who listens to her ideas and feelings with attention and respect . the problem i had was with one scene in particular . stella has been caught on the streets after curfew and chased by police . she bites one of them and manages to elude them by squeezing through a break in a fence . in the process of getting away , she gets muddy , scrapes herself bloody in a few places , and tears her clothing . she goes to moreau 's hotel and climbs to the ledge outside his room and taps on the window . when he opens it , he is shocked at her condition , lets her into the room , and begins to try to clean her cuts and scrapes , asking what had happened . he then draws a bath for her , so she can wash herself . as moreau sits down , still in a bit of a daze over what has happened to her , she steps into the bath . just before she pulls her dress over her head , she says to him , ` no looking . ' he shakes his head to bring himself out of his daze and says ` of course ' , then repairs to the adjoining bedroom , where he lies down on the bed to have a smoke , allowing her to conduct her bath in privacy . a moment later , he hears a noise and looks up to see stella emerge from the bathroom , completely naked , in a full-frontal nude shot . moreau gets up from the bed and lifts the covers , suggesting that she warm herself . she climbs into the bed ; he covers her up , and steps away to the other side of the room . there is nothing about the scene that implies that anything improper occurred . he has simply offered her care and comfort and sympathy . this shot only lasts a few seconds , but i feel that , regardless of the director 's reasoning for shooting it in the first place , it could have been left out . if the point was to show that moreau has either had morals all along , or that he has acquired them , it could have been demonstrated in a variety of other ways . earlier in the film , stella had witnessed one of her caregivers , semi-nude , in moreau 's hotel room ( stella saw this from outside ) . given her ` schoolgirl crush ' on moreau , it seemed natural for her to become upset over this . as a result , however , the scene after the bath comes across as a young girl inappropriately mimicking adult sexual behaviour . this , combined with the ` adult ' voice dubbed over stella 's , makes the scene even more disquieting . there are some viewers who might argue that , in europe , ` standards ' involving nudity and sexuality are not as reactionary as those in the us . in many instances , i would wholeheartedly agree with them . there is much hypocrisy in the dynamics of american culture and moral values , and not a little bit of neurosis . however , the sexual objectification of children is something about which i feel very strongly...and i think the scene in question in this film amounts to exactly that . do n't get me wrong - - i 'm not so prudish that i turn away from even full-frontal nudity in a film , if it 's not gratuitous and it 's an integral part of the storyline...but here , it involves a prepubescent girl , and could have easily been left out . it worries me bit that this point has not been made by other reviewers . have we become so numbed in respect to nudity in films that many ca n't recognize an instance where it 's not only unnecessary , but potentially harmful ? i 'm glad i 've seen the film - - and i 'd recommend it with a bit of praise and some strong reservations , as noted above . with all of the ridiculous claims from some quarters that the holocaust never happened , i think it 's vitally important for films on the subject to be made and seen . the czech film all my loved ones is an excellent film about this horrible time that has not gotten the attention it deserves - - seek it out . n.b. - - this is the second time i have posted this exact review . i noticed today ( 6 april 2006 ) that it has , for some reason , been removed from the site . i 've re-read what i 've written , and i do n't see anything objectionable or offensive . the issues i have with the film are discussed straightforwardly . if anyone objects to anything i 've written here , i 'd like to know what it is .""
 'this is my favorite ghostface slbum . it has a geat vibe to the cd and you could not get sick of hearing it . check it out and you wont be dissapointed . rating a'
 'i took a class on sociology and law in college and my professor kept on referring to this book . i decided to see what he was talking about first hand and am glad i did ! this book is expertly written and thought provoking . this is kind of book that you take out and reference every once in a while . yes , it does get boring in some parts but i think that if you are in the legal profession or you just like history this is a book for you !'
 'these are true tales from a clinical neurologist \'s notebook , but this is n\'t just any neurologist . oliver sacks , author of the justly celebrated , the man who mistook his wife for a hat ( 1986 ) and awakenings ( 1973 ) , which was later made into a movie starring robert deniro and robin williams , and other works , is a gifted writer with a fine sense of story and an even finer sense of humanity . he has a style that is both affecting and fascinating , yet studiously objective , a style laced with footnotes and clinical observations , historical comparisons and wisdom . part of the power of these tales , and of all of sacks \'s work , is his ability to be totally engaged and to identify with the subject while part of him is off to the side observing with scientific impartiality . this makes for a compelling read . if you \'ve never read sacks before , you are in for a very special treat . these tales are paradoxical because "" defects , disorders , diseases "" can bring out "" latent powers , developments , evolutions , forms of life , that might never be seen or even be imaginable , in their absence . "" it is this "" \' creative \' potential , that forms the central theme of this book "" ( from sacks \'s preface , page xvi ) . the first tale , "" the case of the colorblind painter "" is about a successful artist who worked in color all his life only to became colorblind at age sixty-five , and the effect this had on his life and work . the second , "" the last hippie "" is about an amnesiac man with a frontal lobe tumor that left him stranded in the sixties . sacks tells this sad , pathetic story with vivid detail , and characteristically ends it with a footnote , a footnote of such warmth and genuine identification that we are moved to tears . ( do n\'t skip the footnotes ! ) the third tale , "" a surgeon \'s life , "" is an amazing account of a canadian surgeon with tourette \'s syndrome . it is here that we begin to see the central theme of this book in brilliant illumination . dr. carl bennett , riddled with the bizarre tics characteristic of the disorder , compulsions that cause him to throw things , to touch things again and again in a ritualistic manner , to flail , jump and jerk about , nonetheless became a very successful ( and beloved ) doctor of surgery . sacks scrubs up with dr. bennett and goes into surgery with him , during which , miraculously , the tics disappear for however long it takes to complete the surgery . sacks visits him at home and meets his wife and two children , sees the dents in the refrigerator and on the walls , and comes away with a sense of how astounding the human potential to overcome adversity can be . the fourth tale , "" to see and not see , "" is about partially restored sight and how it was not a blessing . this sad story illustrates how sight is learned from infancy and is largely a constructive and interpretive function of the brain . this tale also lets us see how the world of the sightless can be rich and fulfilling beyond our imagination . in the fifth tale , "" the landscape of his dreams , we meet a gifted artist , franco magnani , who from memory alone recreates his home town of pontito , italy through his paintings . he has a nearly photographic , three-dimensional memory , but because of a strange illness that befell him when he was thirty-one , he cares only to re-create his pontito , not the people or events , but the houses , the masonry , the stones , and he does so continually with microscopic and affecting detail . the chapter "" prodigies , "" focuses on an autistic artist , stephen wiltshire , whom sacks is determined to befriend and understand . in this tale , and the concluding tale , "" an anthropologist on mars , "" sacks helps us to penetrate the world of the autistic and see it ( at least in my interpretation ) as an alternate view of reality , a view with its own strengths and weaknesses , a world that is just as true and valid as the "" normal "" one . of course severe autism is debilitating in the extreme , and even modest autism can permanently scar and alienate the autistic from society . yet , perhaps that is society \'s loss . i even got the sense , in reading these concluding stories about autism , that perhaps theirs is an evolutionary "" strategy "" trying to emerge , that is , a different way of seeing and dealing with the world that also might work . i would not be shocked to discover some day that the autistic , with their sometimes extraordinary gifts of memory and concentration , are melded more completely and seamlessly into our usual consciousness , and that humankind is the better for it . incidentally , the last tale about temple grandin , who is a professor of animal studies at colorado state university , is remarkable because it is about an autistic who is completely integrated into the society , yet remains autistic . she is the one who says she sometimes feels , because of her different perspective , like "" an anthropologist on mars "" when she views "" normal "" people . sacks allows us to see why . bottom line : this is an extraordinary book of insight and scholarship about the human condition , written with grace and a deep sense of humanity , not to be missed'
 ""this program is dependable and adequate within the limits that it is avertised to do . for instance , it wo n't keep track of inventory , since it was not designed to do so""
 ""do yourself a favor and only buy his albums . they 're much more solid . one love . peace""
 'while some critics can argue with dan brown \'s research and reasoning on certain historical points , one thing these da vinci "" debunking "" presentations will never be able to refute is this : the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and christianity , primarily by the catholic church , and the fact that the church still considered mary magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago : 1969. nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that dan brown has brought out in the open for serious review . this institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the light , when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals . dan brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago , with help from peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still , quite frankly , shocking and debasing . sorry , but upon this "" rock "" of male dominancy was built the church . thank you again , dan brown , by bringing these matters into the light of day so people can know more of their authentic history or at least do their own research to make up their own minds about which spiritual path is best for them and which ones were built on two millenniums worth of manipulations , obscurations and lies . these obscurations and lies happened through the efforts of a group of petty , insecure and misguided men down through the centuries to ensure their dominance and control over the masses , and they found a way to dominate not only the minds of the masses but their vast material resources , worth trillions , through guilt , control and other hidden but consistent abuses of power . and those of orthodox faith who continue to blindly support such hypocritical institutions have a lot more to answer for than any twenty dan browns put together . people are angry and they are angry at the failure of religion to live up to its own standards of behavior and for distorting what may have been jesus \' actual relationship with the women in his life- -or were the disciples just supposed to be members of a exclusive men \'s club with jesus as head and women as a species relegated to second class citizenship ? to answer these questions , some of you will finally have to turn to your own heart and mind for a change instead of some literal interpretation of the truth , because not everything of the light is found in scriptures or on the printed page , especially after the scriptures have been selectively riddled with scissors for reasons of self-interest or from spiritual corruption . the next thing people should ask for is to have the vaults of the vatican thrown open for public view . lord only knows what plunder they contain'
 ""i was having a problem with over-eating and eating when i was n't hungry and as a result , gained quite a bit of weight , and felt awful . i 've only been using this product for three days , but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up . i have n't felt jittery or shaky . i feel better than i have in months . i would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight""
 'i bought this based on reviews of "" bass queen in the mix . "" to me it sounds like the west coast edition of northern exposure without the 4 / 4 house beat . in other words , its very electronic sounding , almost completely non-vocal and not very funky at all . i listened to "" eargasm "" by plump dj \'s and icey \'s "" funky breaks "" after this and it \'s definitely missing variety , skill in mixing and that "" neck snapping "" funky quality that make the plumps and icey so indispensible . not too bad but not that interesting either . i prefer her "" mixtress "" and still have not heard "" bass queen.. . "" btw , my speakers are flat down to below 30 hz and i did n\'t find the recording quality or the bass that impressive . listen to crystal method \'s "" phd "" or "" block rockin \' beats "" by chemical brothers after this to see what i mean'
 ""no use thumbing the pages of cale 's elegant scrapbook of an autobiography , ' what 's welsh for zen ? , to glean hard data on this one melodic gem . coming after the heady , if problematic days of the velvets , there 's barely an acknowledgement of it as he strides into his rock format . the abrasive thrashing rock of ' mcbeth ' ( while indicating his imminent direction ) serves the one discordant note . throughout , cale namedrops to effect learnedness without destroying the mood of a distant past . language had been severed from lineal meaning , in rock , since bob went electric . pete brown writing for jack bruce 's towering masterpieces , ' songs for a sailor ' , & ' harmony row ' ; keith reid with procul harum , were mixing up the lyric medicine , presumably with other pharmacuticals & making sumptuous music on a par with ' paris 1919' . that date ? the birth of surrealism , ( and similar writing to cale 's efforts herein ) perhaps ? the russian revolution ? cale 's singing on 1919 had a world weary distance to it , which suited the reflective jabberwocky of the songs ; stretched out vowells on , ' planing lakes ' , ' elephants that sing ' , ' looking out from here at half past france . ' it was far from banal music , however saccharine the orchestral moves from strings , viola & piano cale painted . these lyrics were baffling but made perfect poetic sense when sung . ' locusts ' was something of a revisiting to this pastoral mood but lacks the roundedness . ' fragments of a rainy season ' is a good retrospective concert . and some of the fuge written around the hommage to andy warhol is very moving stuff . go john""
 'hello , i recently bought this blood pressure monitor.....it functions all well......but it gives incorrect readings.......i mean the readings vary significantly........not once , twice...but many many times......i was and am never sure about the validity of the readings.... . purchase this at your own risk.....my recommnedation would be to get a manual blood pressure monitor like the one with the doctors.....atleast u will know that the readings r genuine...and u can always find someone who can spare 5 minutes and help u get the readings..... . take care and stay healthy..... .'
 'i began using gillette \'s mach 3 razor when it first came on the market , and was very happy with it ( until recently.. . ) the original mach 3 would give consistently good , smooth shaves , and worked well for about six or seven times until it dulled and began to give rough shaves . that was an excellent product . however , with the introduction of the new fusion razor , the mach 3 suddenly became much less effective and the shaves i was getting were much rougher . i had heard about the fusion and decided to try it instead , figuring may that gillette was trying to "" migrate "" its users towards the fusion by downgrading their reliable old product , putting all their new design juice behind the newer model . i was shocked by what a shoddy , difficult product the fusion razor turned out to be . i went from getting several good shaves per razor to , well.. . none . i \'m lucky with the fusion to get two decent shaves per cartridge - - usually it roughs my skin up on the very first pass , and it does n\'t cut my beard back right to the skin the way the mach 3 used to . what \'s the deal ? did gillette decide they no longer wanted to provide a quality product ? that they \'d rather have customers have to buy a new razor right away , rather than have us use the same cartridge a few times before needing to buy another one ? if so , that marks a huge change in their corporate policy , from giving us a quality product to basically shoving customers around and trying to rip us off . i know they *can* make a great razor - - they used to - - but if gillette has decided to stop doing a good job , then forget it . so much for my customer loyalty . i \'ll either switch brands or stop shaving until there \'s another razor on the market that provides comparable quality to the old mach 3'
 ""bought 2 of these 3 years ago on qvc for my husband and myself . i was pregnant with my second son and going to get waxed at the nail shop , where it smelled like nail polish remover , was just too much for me at the time . we love these shavers and they work just as well today as they did 3 years ago ! i 'm not sure what the other reviewer is talking about , i get an incredibly close shave with this . to be honest , and maybe a little too personal , i have n't waxed my upper lip since , i only use this ! there is no stubble , no pain and great results ! i have dark hair , and if this in anyway made me look like i shaved , i would never use it ! i am buying 2 more for back up . i hope they never stop making these ! !""
 'i always have purchased caruso steam rollers but when i purchased their new ionic roller set it lasted i week and it was almost 3 times the money of the vidal sassoon . this is the best !'
 ""i have many pet peaves about this camera . a ) the video showed untrue colors and came out rather dark- -- -do n't try to record indoors b ) did n't fit into my hand naturally and had to use two hands to navigate the menu and even the record button . not good c ) did n't start up fast enough- --i always missed the shot d ) the camera photos are n't of good quality e ) microphone not that great- --you could n't even hear people that were standing ten feet away from the camera . f ) if your laptop is over 3 years old , even if you 've got windows xp , do n't expect the software to be compatible . g ) the zoom lens zoomed to fast at the movement of my finger . i 'd lightly press the zoom button to one side and it zoomed too fast and it did the same for zooming out . i felt like i had to just manually zoom- -- -ie . walk up closer to the subject i honestly say stay away from the samsung 's and the sony 's are n't much better and they have a monopoly on the matching accessories , ie . only sony products are compatible with the camcorder . i finally bought a jvc and they are awesome- -- -the take more light in , better acoustical recording , better zoom function , quicker start up , and lighter . you can even buy the cheapest model ( which is pretty much what i 've got ) and the picture is great ! my parents commented on how they thought i must have a camera like the news reporters , as it 's the same quality""
 ""this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is""
 ""this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 !""
 'i got this bag for a samsung digimax i got for a friend , and is a very nice , and usefull bag , she can put there , the camera , her cell phone , replacement batteries , memory stick and some keys :'
 'these bars arrive smashed , melting and stale..taste like cardboard with , dried blueberrie jam spread around on them...awfu'
 ""i never really noticed the soundtrack when watching this show on television but i love the show so was a little surprised when purchasing the album that all the non sound bite tracks are american country music songs . ca n't say i 'm much of a fan of american country music so was just a bit disappointed . i think a great inclusion on this album though is the sound bites from all the leading housewife characters on this show and this alone is worth the price of the cd . was also disappointed that danny elfman 's desperate housewives theme is not a separate track and ridiculously has some hidden track attached to it . the desperate housewives theme goes for 0:44 seconds then you have a break of silence for a while but still on the same track before at 1:01 a terribly sung summary of the tv show mentioning wisteria lane over and over again follows for a minute and twenty seconds . what ligic was there in not making this a separate track ? you would then be able to memory it out on your stereo . i like listening to tv themes and i find this just ruins that track because you need to be near your stereo to press skip after 0:44 seconds . this cd is worth purchasing for the sound bites alone but i guess if you 're just buying it for the theme song you 'll have to wait for some other new tv theme compilation album to get the theme song on its own . this album also comes with an excellent cover insert booklet with lots of great pictures of characters and scenes from the show .""
 ""really , this is only worth 4 stars if you can appreciate all things cheesy . this is , of course , funny stuff . really , it 's the kind of music where you do n't want other people to know you 're listening to it , but oh my is it fun ! this one has all the ingredients of your typical yngwie-inspired power metal-album : soaring guitars , high-pitched vocals , double-bass drumming , a lot of neoclassical stuff ( essentially the sound of mozart , bach and beethoven , just way less complex ) both on the keyboards and the guitars . and of course , trumpets and brass . oh , how i loathe and love the sound of trumpets and brass on a keyboard . cheese , cheese , cheese all the way ! if you 've heard any rhapsody-material before , a song-by-song breakdown is pretty unnecessary as you 'll know exactly what to expect . they really did benefit from the better production on their next album ( not to mention their latest opus ! ) but legendary tales does n't sound bad by any means , and the songwriting is solid and pretty diverse . it 's just cheesy , real cheesy ! and truth be told , since it 's a metal album the guitars could use a little more ' oomph ' here and there . this is more happy metal than heavy metal , but then again , they 're singing about mystical lands and holy creatures , so behemoth-like heavy guitars would n't really fit . we do n't wanna scare our warrior of ice now , do we""
 ""orange county as a movie tries to play it safe . the director tries to be in tow with what he believes is a good film . i must say for around 50% of the film i was laughing . jack black is truly my favourite character in the film . colin hanks , the lead actor , is a boring sophisticated person.he also plays black 's brother in the film . although jack black doesnt have a huge role in it , everytime he 's on the screen i seem to forget all the other characters around . i thought the scene in which he jumps into the swimming pool with just his under-shorts was funny . but i defintely feel there are some seven other scenes featuring this master of crazy comedy . i didnt find colin hanks ( in the film ) inspiration inspiring at all and think he should have gone to stanford.for the simple reason i believe he didnt have much enough at orange county to wait for.but then that 's a story flaw or story strength ( however you perceive it ) come to think of it colin hanks character was extremely realistic , polite and believable.now all the credit in the world to the director for this.however , it was the drugged jack black who really tries to get him into something . ive seen school of rock and i 'm sorry for i did not like it as much as i liked orange county.it 's the presence of jack black that does it for me.i 've seen the film 4 times which is probably why i ca n't stand hanks and his goodness . anyhow , forget all that , watch the film - rent it , steal it , buy it , download it....just give it a watch . cheers""
 ""this edition of the film sucks and sucks again . the wide screen version of this is a masterpiece - without the widescreen ratio this edition cannot be true to the comic book sensibility that bava intended . each shot was carefully composed ( and not intended to be butchered ) - this edition is a travesty - - especially when it 's purported to be put out by fans - do you 're homework . there are also scenes missing from this print , scenes that are important and add to the overall ambience . hey i thought the folks behind this were enthusiasts - - instead its just sloppy and self indulgent . look for the earlier laser disc edition ........... as for the extras do we really need the - it 's great because i used it in my video slop .... and it 's great because i did a bad homage / rip-off slop . the documentary in the extras takes great pains to point out that this film was intended to look like a comic book and that 's what was great about it . then when you watch the film what you get is less than a third of the original image ! strikes me a total scumminess . all in a all a fabulous opportunity wasted ... by a few lazy lard-asses with a quick-fix mentality .""
 ""i bought this product based on consumer reports review . i 've had norton and mcafee in the past which slowed down my system . my computer is slower to start up with zonealarm , but faster than mcafee while on . however , most of the time , i need to shut off zonealarm in order to access the internet - just like another reviewer . defeats the purpose do n't you think ? it also recognized my offices 's software as a virus and although i allowed access , it keeps showing it as a virus . i 'm going to have to go to another product .""
 'your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi'
 ""it 's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers . the book is very basic providing mostly very general information . the chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs . the book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both . certainly wo n't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by bicycling magazine""
 'i ordered mine from here ( amazon marketplace ) a couple weeks ago , and i \'m a very happy camper . this is one of the best online purchases i \'ve made in a long , long time ! first of all , there are songs i \'ve never heard before , so by owning this compilation , it helps me get to know the band \'s material , or siobhan \'s own solo stuff much better . all the songs are very well-written and catchy . thanks to my best friend , he drew me toward \'s ss \'s music back in the 90 \'s with the "" hormonally yours "" cd . ss \'s music was always something i pushed to the "" back burner "" because i did n\'t know what to make of it . but in the past 2 years , i \'ve focused on the new material from the "" shakespears sister #3 "" album...and it blew me away ! siobhan is a true musical genius ! "" i do n\'t care "" seems to be a differnt version . it \'s much brighter & fresher-sounding than the album version . wow ! "" hello ( turn your radio on ) is my favorite "" ss "" song of all time & also appears to be a different version . just hearing the first notes from it , my eyes got all teary . it \'s just the way i am , regarding this song . the clock ticking at the end reminds me of a heartbeat or something . dark songs like this draw me near . lol the compilation is missing one song "" bitter pill "" . i wanted & hoped for this song to be released on the cd , but unfortunately it did n\'t make it . awwww ! the liner notes booklet is packed with all lyrics , cool photos and a fine page of background regarding the recordings of their albums . siobhan is one cool gal ! i love the front & back artwork , for it is both amusing , colorful & dramatic . i \'m a sucker for dramatic stuff like this . hopefully , siobhan will continue recording lots of new material , using the "" shakespears sister "" title . i despise the crap we hear on the radio nowadays . hopefully now that sf has released this package , the music will get more airplay . i like the nostalgic aspect of music from a decade ago , because it reminds us of how the music industry used to be non-commercial and fun . yes...it \'s too bad that siobhan and marcella broke up , because their 2 uniquely different voices complimented one another . there has n\'t been a duo like them since ! my thoughts on the dvd.. . i love it ! the first & only video clip i \'ve ever seen from "" ss "" is "" stay "" . totaly blew me away since the first time i saw it . i \'ve always loved seeing siobhan as "" death "" , in her starry crown & black "" glitzy "" outfit . she makes the perfect female version of "" death "" . i could never understand the video until now , because i never had the chance to see the entire thing on tv . the other videos are equally great and draw me closer each time . i appreciate the "" chaptered "" menu for the videos . at least i know what \'s from where . the dvd was put together very well , and is packed with great stuff . fortunately , my dvd player on the computer and the tv can play this all-region pal dvd . i have n\'t experienced any difficulties ( skipping tracks or anything ) . it all plays fine . actually , when i purchased this item online , the item description said "" ntsc format ( usa & canada ) ...so that \'s why i bought it . it may not apply to everyone \'s purchase , though . disc one ( cd ) : 01 - you \'re history 02 - heroine 03 - break my heart ( you really ) 04 - dirty mind 05 - waiting 06 - goodbye cruel world 07 - stay 08 - i do n\'t care 09 - hello ( turn your radio on ) 10 - i can drive 11 - excuse me john 12 - can u wait that long ? 13 - do i scare you ? 14 - white rabbit 15 - was it something i said ? disc two ( dvd ) : 01 - break my heart ( you really ) 02 - heroine 03 - run silent , run deep 04 - you \'re history 05 - dirty mind ( remix ) 06 - the russian film ( featuring dirty mind & heroine live in leningrad 1988 ) 07 - goodbye cruel world 08 - stay 09 - i do n\'t care 10 - catwoman ( live ) 11 - my 16th apology ( edit ) 12 - hello ( turn your radio on ) 13 - i can drive additional features / info : - biography ( same as on 1st page of linernotes booklet ) - photo gallery with audio ( music ) - credits ( for videos ) - cd total playing time ( 62:03 ) if you \'re an "" ss "" fan , this item is a must have ! regardless the price , it \'s definitely worth owning ! thank you , amazon , for making this item available through your marketplace'
 'today is 3-19-07. this item is labeled as being purchased on 3-21-07. will i purchase another order on that date'
 'the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition'
 ""first , know this , it is a trimmer not a shaver ! with the included height attachment , your bound to have a little fuzz still left . without the attachment , you get closer results , but still very visible hair lines . i am quite disapointed with the product , because it runs on two aaa batteries , the motor is nearly powerful enought and will lock up sometimes when cutting hair in different angles . this lock up rips the hair out of your skin and sometimes even cuts you . i would certainly not recommend this product , but might be necessary if you 'll be traveling and need a small portable trimmer that will get more results than just letting your hair grow wild .""
 ""at first glance this is a great book . however , once you 've read it a few times you begin to notice the bottles of coke that feature in almost every illustration . the author , illustrator , and publisher should be ashamed of themselves . we all know that kids are exposed to lots of advertising on tv and at the movies , but do we really need to start worrying about product placements in children 's books as well ? this is a clever book and i was looking forward to sharing it with friends and exploring the other books in the series . the greed of those involved with this book have changed my mind , however""
 ""not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket . i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done""
 ""never be sick again offers a major breakthrough in medical thinking regarding health and disease . i am a biochemist doing medical research at ucla . a friend gave me this book to read , and i was very skeptical . after reading it , i could n't stop thinking about what it was saying . i even lost sleep thinking about it . after many weeks , i have come to a conclusion - the author is right . there is only one disease and there are only two causes of disease - revolutionary ! once you understand this simple concept , it changes everything . if your mind is not closed to new ideas , the profound insights in this book will change your life for the better . it will give you the power to both prevent and reverse almost all disease . with this new understanding , from now on , i will approach my research in an entirely different way . c.l""
 ""the scale part works fine , but the fat % measurement does not work . if you care about fat% , i 'd recommend using the hand held device instead . it gives more accurate reads .""
 'huge problems with the lcd screen , two cameras within one month after purchase showed the lcd "" shattered . "" one has already been shipped for service and the other one will be going in tomorrow . sure it is easy to use and produces great pictures , but the lcd problem is a definite negative .'
 ""i saw the scene , where they have lissa chained to the pool table and gagged in the basement.i did n't understand most of the movie . i bet kim possible , ron stoppabl , and rufus can deal with them""
 'i am fascinated with this machine . it has incredible detail although it lacks a little lattitude and details are lost as soon as there are some shadows . the battery so far usually lasts me the whole day when i go touring . if i take care to shut the display down as soon as i dont need it anymore i find that when i am on a cruise ship or visiting another country i can take all the movies i usually want - - and recharge when i get back to my room at night . the only problem is playback on a tv or pc . the bundled software made by ulead is not user friendly and , whereas the previous xacti i had played back images and video clips in the order i had taken , this one separates them and plays back either clips or images . before i played back through my panasonic hard disk dvd recorder and recorded a dvd directly . now i have to go into my pc and do a whole lot of editing and so far the "" movie factory "" program keeps crashing . i imagine somebody will eventually suggest a better software program , or i will learn to use ulead , but for the time being the pictures and clips ihave taken have very good detail , and the machine has operated flawlessly .'
 ""im a huge fan of writer sean mcginly , his classics include venomous starring treat williams and sonic impact with ice-t . mcginly 's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world , he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film two days . i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast ( which included hacks like paul rudd ) was not in the same league as superstars traci bingham and ice-t who have graced some of his previous work . please sean , stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff , leave that to idiots like capra , wenders , scorcese etc. they are not in your league .""
 ""i am not a horror movie fan , in fact there are very few horror movies that have truly scared me , but this one indeed made me literally crap myself . i caught this movie during the midnight hours on ifc 2 years ago , and luckily the movie was just starting , so i got to see it from beginning to end . this movie is basically about a man named frank zito ( joe spinell ) who 's a psychotic serial killer who seeks pleasure by killing women , because he feels he 's getting back at his abusive mother who was also a prostitute . after her death frank feels alone , but cannot forget the mistreatment he received from her all those years . frank lives in a tiny apartment in new york city , in which he keeps several mannequins . he uses these mannequins by putting his victim 's bloody scalps , on it 's heads . when he spots a woman named anna ( caroline munro ) , a photographer in the park taking pictures he gains a sudden interest in her , but not the type of interest in which he wants to murder her , but kind of a romantic interest . he takes her out to dinner and buys her gifts , but will he change his mind about her , and make her become another one of his victims ? some of the scenes in this film are so incredibly gut-wrenching , especially the scene when he chases a nurse into a subway station , and she hides in a bathroom stall . i felt my heart pounding the whole entire time . the effects were realistic ( nice job tom savini ! ) , they do n't come close to todays , even though the movie was released in 1980. joe spinell plays this part so well that you might think he was for real , and not only that , but he physically looked the part too . the scenes where he 's in his apartment talking to his mannequins are some of the most creepiest scenes i have ever seen in a movie . i believe that this film is one of the most realistic horror films out there , because we get to see the results of how an alone , mistreated child might turn out . this is n't one of those lame zombie movies , it 's the real deal . if you like horror , and a lot of gore , and you have n't seen this then i recommend you watching this .""
 'the vista set up is nice but is buggy and incompatible with a lot of games and upgrades'
 ""bought this to help make muddy paw print clean up a little quicker . this works well , my better half thinks i have an obsession with mr. swiffer.. . : ) it does leave a haze on the floor though . i use the recommended 3 sec . cleaner dispense...maybe it 's because i do n't change the pads ofter enough . overall , i would purchase the swiffer again if i had too""
 ""belushi 's crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite monty python 's michael palin as the manly captain ned in the miles cowperthwaite skits . they are both absent from this dvd nor on any snl video i can find .""
 ""melanie griffith , rachel leigh cook , and hugh dancy star in this straight-to-video film about one female transporter , who gets into trouble because of someone plotting against her . well , that 's all about it , apparently , but the film tries to give something unique to the otherwise unoriginal plot . i mean , the slightly original character of sarah by melanie griffth , who plays that smuggler in trouble . given a special job by malcom mcdowell with his customary ' i-could-be-very-baaaad ' smile , sarah agrees to carry a pack hidden in her bag . but as you know , someone also wants that package , and ... well , that 's nothing new , but she is attacked on the way . do n't expect any thriller , however . the film 's focus is not about that ; it is the relations about sarah and jack ( dancy ) who live together in a fancy paris apartment . but while sarah is away from paris on business , jack is attracted to a younger lady jenny ( cook ) who also falls for him . thus the film makes an effort to include both love and crime . nice try , considering this interesting point about the character of elder lady sarah , but if the factor is taken away from the film , the end result is nothing but a flat , tired suspence - - suspence as to its relations and its crimes alike . either way , the film is emotilnally very void . ok . two fatally bad things : one , too incredible characters . see , sarah is a professional courier who must know the rules of the job , which could be dangerous . but instead of renting a car ( and it 's europe , where that could be pretty easy ) , she takes a train ( and a night train ! ) in which she becomes an easy target . in this way , the film misses every chance to make it more suspenceful . when some character ( s ) must die , they die like characters in old video games - - they fall , that 's all . the other one ; acting . let me be honest . it was painful to watch the one-dimentional performance of melanie griffith , who was very good in ' another day in paradise . ' maybe she is not the greatest actor , but certainly she can act . but as far as ' tempo ' is concerned , no , i do n't think so . only the location of paris saves this film from utter forgettableness . forget about this one .""
 ""if you have the big lenses ( 400mm f / 2.8l is usm or even the 70-200mm f / 2.8l is usm ) this is totally worth the addition . the 2x does not kill the autofocus on the f / 2.8 and effectively doubles your lens with very little distortion around the edges . check compatability on canon 's website . you wo n't be disappointed""
 'this book is a personal re-examination of food- -what we eat , and why we eat it . in this book , prentice examines food customs and traditions , searching for their physiological and environmental rationale . her primary observation about food traditions is that they are strictly tied to the seasons , and thus the continual year-round availability of our foodstuffs has resulted in loss of much traditional knowledge about what is good for us and what isn\'t . in recognition of the essential seasonality of foods , prentice organizes this book into the thirteen moons that make up the year , from the famine moon , to the sap moon , from the egg moon to the corn moon , from the blood moon to the wolf moon . each chapter describes the ecology that led to the association between a particular food item and a specific time of the year . in the chapters , prentice discusses the nutritional contributions of the featured food items , and how her relationship with that food has changed over the years . for example , she explains how she used to avoid milk and other dairy products , but now relishes them as a gift of love from mother earth . each chapter also includes recipes of the season , ranging from exotic dishes of non-western food cultures , like cardamom and jaggery pudding , to simple directions for lost arts , such as rendering pork , or making homemade yogurt and sauerkraut . prentice was once a strict vegan , who for health reasons , eventually found herself drawn to a diet which includes animal products , but not the products of industrial agriculture . there is much that vegetarians and vegans would not like in prentice \'s essays , since she explains how her 10 years of vegetarianism were not healthy for her . having had the same experience myself after being a vegetarian for 20 years , i can appreciate the wisdom in what she writes . while vegetarian diets work well for some , they are not appropriate for everybody . but at the same time , diets that include the consumption of industrially produced and processed animal products do nobody any good . we need to be willing to recognize our relation and responsibilities to the animals that we consume . i first heard of this book when i attended a vermont localvore potluck at which prentice was the invited guest chef . i was deeply offended then at her attitude , when she announced she was going to make a salad using a recipe from her book , but lamented the lack of local artichokes or olive oil . ` how could such a person be associated with local cooking , \' i wondered , ` if she does n\'t even have the sense to find out what the best local ingredients are and celebrate them , instead of parading the products of another region in front of us ? \' i figured that a seasonal local cookbook written by a national author would be a worthless concept . fortunately , that \'s not what this book attempts- -instead the book is much more about rediscovering our connection to food than about specific local recipes . although she has become famous for leading the concept of eating foods only from one \'s local region , what she urges here is really an appreciation for the products of small farms . thus , instead of simply cheering on local food , prentice argues in this book that our industrial agriculture system has torn us away from one of the most essential of human traits , our relationship to the food that nourishes us . instead of following diets of avoidance , prentice advocates recognizing the meaning that each item of food brings to our lives , and using food to re-establish our connection to the land . indeed , the only foods that prentice avoids are those heavily processed products of industrial agriculture : refined sugar , white flour , and pre-packaged extruded junk . although the book contains a few recipes , it is not a cookbook , but rather a wake-up call : "" our poor diet is at least partly a physical manifestation of a spiritual decay , "" together with some suggestions of how we can begin the journey back to healthy eating'
 'as a tape measure , it does what it says it does . you press a button and the tape tightens around your body part . you wo n\'t have to worry about , "" did i hold the tape tigher last time ? "" as the tension is always the same for consistent measurements every time . the tape starts measurement at 2 "" since the tape casing holds the tape and that part measures around 2 inches . i think this tape is accurate plus-or-minus half-an-inch but it sure beats a regular tape measure since at least the button ensures that each time the tape wraps around you at the same tension level'
 'i found the film , "" malice "" to be a very intriguing and interesting murder mystery . sure , there are a lot of twist \'s in the film , however , that is what i found to be very good about this film . especially the way these twist \'s were done . there will be no spoilers in this review . the film begin \'s with murders occuring in a small college town . andy safian ( bill pullman ) is a college dean who happens to be suspected of these killings . all circumstantial . moreover , he is having problems with his wife ( nicole kidman ) . something happens to her , and she blames andy for this . [to tell you would give away the film] it seems as if one of andy \'s old school friends is now a practicing surgeon ( alec baldwin ) . therefore she decides to leave him and sues both the medical facility that caused her such grief , and the doctor ( balwin ) in particular who caused this grief to her . but there is more to the story than meets the eye . there are several stories going on at once . first , you have a serial killer , secondly you have a distraught wife ( kidman ) blaming her ex-husband and his doctor friend for what has happened to her . but there is more to her than the viewer suspect\'s . i will leave this to you to discover . the film is better than the reviews warrant . it is a very suspenseful film full of twists . recommended !'
 ""it is the declining days of the great war ( wwi ) , the germans are leaving a small french town but are leaving a little present for the advancing british troops . they have buried the munitions in the town square . when the town hall clerk strikes midnight the bomb will be exploded . the town 's people evacuate . during this the barber sends off a message to the british . the british decide to send a man to check this out . they choose the bumbling scottish private plumpick ( alan bates ) . located on the outskirts of town is an asylum . the sisters who run the asylum escape with the town 's people , leaving the inmates to fend for themselves . they return to the town , resuming their lives before being commited . plumpick arrives in town but does n't know that the towns people are actually the lunatics from the asylum . he meets the beautiful coquelicat ( genevieve bujold ) and falls in love with her . he finally puts everything together and defuses the bomb ( of course it 's more complex and hilarious than just that . ) he also finally puts together that there is something wrong with the town 's people . the funny part is he feels the lunatics have a better grasp on reality the sane people . so shall he return to the war or stay with people he loves . this is half fairy tale and half fable . alan bates gives a great performance and genevieve bujold shows great whimsy . dvd extras : none""
 'this movie is intimate and special . some reviews say it is the story of obsession , of fetishism , of trivial things . however , this movie is the story of something special in a young teenage boy \'s life : his fantasy woman . the character malena rarely speaks throughout the movie , but we see her exactly how we are supposed to see her - through the eyes of an old man telling the story of himself in young "" love "" . this perspective makes her ideal and special , with few flaws , as a fantasy woman is to a young man . malena is instantly a likeable character , not awful and disgusting like those using her . we cannot forget that our narrator , renato , is not actually a teenage boy but an older man telling his own story . therefore , he is unreliable as a narrator . malena \'s sins are washed clean through his judgement , and we believe him when we see her victimized by the other women . however , renato has had years to think about everything , to contemplate what really happened to her . so , in the end , the people who use her are completely despicable , unable to garner any liking . of course , she is a victim , but she eventually falls into the gossip that others believe she is guilty of with the men . the movie does offer a hint that she could have escaped all of the problems : she is from another city and her husband , for most of the movie , is dead . yet , she chooses to not escape but to stay , and her fate is sealed . the music in the movie was nominated for best score in 2000 , and it is beautiful , emotional . it truly adds to the feeling of the movie . i would recommend this movie to anyone for the compelling story , emotion , and characters . you will never forget this movie .'
 ""i like the main voice ( s ) and i like the music , but the voices are over powered by the music . if they turned up the voices a bit i think this would be a great album . this album does not sound like other albums i have so i 'm not sure what to compare it to .""
 'if you \'re looking for a good story with plenty of action and a great plot and you \'re not really concerned with the difference between so-so writing and good writing ( this book is so-so ) , then this is an excellent book . i couldnt put it down . i gauge the rating of a book by one thing ; am i able to truely come into the story ? i am able to do this if the writing and word usage is at or above a certain level . i was able to "" come into the story "" when i read this book and to me , that provides for a good read . bad writing can prevent this experience but i did n\'t think this book was too badly written'
 ""this works better than any other women 's shaver i 've ever used . it does give a close shave without irritating the skin""
 'eight years ago today was the day blondie \'s reunion album was released , and though it was great to see blondie back together , no exit just fell short on many levels . 2004 \'s the curse of blondie ( see my review also on amazon ) is a much better album and should have been their comeback . no exit wo n\'t exactly take you back to the hooks that made blondie famous . harry \'s lyrics are wonderful in "" double take , "" but the deadpan melody literally kills the song . fans were also not terribly waiting for jazz standards ( "" boom boom in the zoom zoom room "" ) or revamped demo tracks ( "" out in the streets "" ) , but the worst cut is the title song that includes a rap verse by coolio . both the band and coolio could have thought of something more productive to sing about . the music is n\'t catchy either . all is not lost with songs like "" night wind sent , "" and harry \'s own transformation in "" forgive and forget , plus who would dare argue blondie \'s potential to shake the pop world again when you hear "" maria . "" as the album \'s best track , "" maria "" is a wonderful reminder of how blondie , and debbie , can still create an infectious pop song that leaves a template on the mind'
 ""my husband is icelandic , and unfortunately this book was no help at all.. . it 's perfectly fine for the traveller , but in trying to live everyday life , conversing with new family members forget it . i would have liked to have seen a more comprehensive grammatical section , something that was laid out in something easy to look at and understand . if you are quite serious about learning this language i would honestly recommend saving the 20 bucks and buying the bit more expensive colloquial icelandic . for me at least , it 's quite easier to understand , has complete grammatical charts in the back , as well as a fairly decent dictionary.. . again , if you are only learning for business trips and such , then this would be a good option.. . for those of us actually moving there , her book is not so good. .""
 'the only good thing about this book is that it was short . even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country , gary hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again . ok , the monroe doctrine is important , i get it ! i read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and i cannot remember a book as bad as this . if you want a quick view of james monroe , you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that'
 'the item was exactly as expected . the packaging for shipment , along with the other item i ordered , was unacceptable . a child could have done better'
 ""i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done .""
 ""first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing""
 'from what i gather , edward abbey has somewhat of a cult following . i had never read anything by the guy , never even heard of him before i got this book . i just thought i should point that out before going on . this book kept me reading , no doubt about that . it has it \'s downsides , but overall , i \'d reccomend it . not "" hey , you gotta read this right now , "" but it \'s good if you \'re looking for something a little different . this book kind of made me think . i \'m not the kind of guy who is always reading into a book trying to analyze every aspect of it . but i could n\'t help it with this story . i thought a lot of it was psychological , dealing with the main character , his thoughts , attitudes , and what made him tick . this is a fairly long book , but the actual story of the guy going back to his hometown is short . the plot alternates every chapter- - one about where he presently is , and then a memory , then where he is , then another memory , and so on . although it was an interesting way to write the book , i thought some of the memory sequences dragged a bit . but do n\'t get me wrong , overall i did enjoy them . if you \'re looking for something that might be able to fuel a couple of thoughts about life , this is a good bookt to pick up'
 ""in his last command , gaunt 's ghosts have returned from their mission on gereon , a chaos controlled planet , to ancreon sextus where war is also raging , in a continuation of the story of gaunt 's ghosts . they have been changed which is frightening to those around them . they changed in order to survive on gereon , but others think the transformation may be more sinister ; therefore , they are put in internment camps and questioned . finally , they are allowed back into battle as the forces attack sparshad mons , a step-city ruin on ancreon sextus , which appears to be filled with the enemy . not many people want to listen to gaunt , even though he is an expert warrior with sharpened senses . nothing is as it seems as the battle progresses and gaunt must find a way to get his superiors to understand what he knows . will gaunt ever convince them that what they are seeing is not really what they are seeing ? dan abnett has written a sequel to a story that i think you would need to read before tackling this one . after a spell , things did become clearer and i was able to pick up the storyline . the characters were well flesh out and the writing was smooth but the story did move a bit slow in places when some of the battles were taking place . there were many battles and a lot of dying on the battlefields . strange monsters inhabited the land and only gaunt knew where they came from . the monsters were fascinating in that they could not be killed in a normal way . only gaunt 's ghosts knew how to get rid of them . reviewed by alice holman of the rawsistaz reviewers""
 'jimmy carter is usually considered a mediocre president at best , totally incompetent at worst . nothing could be further from the truth . this book lists his presidential successes and goes on to show how they led to his influential post-presidential activities . we now can see jimmy carter for what he truly is , a human rights champion and a shining example to us all'
 'one at the front : the really own words of the master are excellent . one must make sure that only 43 sides of the only 7 x 5 inch small book are interviews with bruce lee . the rest consists of interviews with the former interviewers . however , as a paperback this book costs not really a fortune . but the words of the master are absolutely worth-while , as already mentioned at the beginning'
 'it \'s hard to believe this music is more than a quarter century old now . i think it would recieve the same kind of accolades if had come out yesterday . but it didn\'t . it came out in the summer of 1979. it was the summer before my sophomore year in college , my first summer away from home . for at least a week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i \'d select side 1 of "" rust never sleeps . "" it took me at least that long to flip the darn thing over . and then , when i did , for the next week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i \'d select side 2 of "" rust never sleeps . "" my flatmates never complained . oddly , the songs i see getting the most grief in the reviews here are my faves . you do n\'t really want to do without the swooping lead guitar , contagious handclaps , and hysterically funny yet politically cutting chorus of "" welfare mothers , "" now , do you really ? as for "" sedan delivery , "" i have only the vaguest clue of what it \'s about , but it \'s sure a scorcher ( and it \'s still hard to find a job ) . allright , maybe we do n\'t need two versions of "" hey hey , my my , "" but which one would you delete ? as far as i \'m concerned , there \'s only one song here that has n\'t withstood the test of time : "" sail away , "" which is innocuously pretty , but lacks the bark and bite of even the other acoustic stuff . "" trasher "" and "" pocahontas "" are both beautiful and mean in just the right amounts and places . poor marlon , poor csn . do i wax nostalgiac ? perhaps , but not overly so . this remains essential neil , which is to say as essential as rock \' n roll gets . it still sounds fresh and relevant . and fun . did i mention fun ? in fact , i \'m gonna go plunk it on right now , maybe take a breather between "" sail away "" and "" powderfinger "" to relive the lp experience . you should too .'
 'it \'s just like the hit tv show ! in fact they probably got the idea for the tv show from this movie . actually i thought it was more of a comedy than anything . i saw it on the "" we "" network . it \'s worth the price if you feel like buying it .'
 'the bad news first : does n\'t seem to work well without adding extra detergent it seems like this is not 3x concentration , and like others we found we had to compensate by adding more detergent than the directions said to get the same results as we did with the standard formula . otherwise , the two products , \' concentrated \' and \' standard srength \' are the same . make no mistake about it - this is concentrated & comes out like heinz ketchup : it does seem to be concentrated , and we did notice a certain amount of difficulty getting the detergent out of the bottle , kind of reminded us of heinz ketchup . 4-star or 5-star product ? the standard strength product is clearly a 5-star product , however owing to the fact that this product does not work as well without adding more detergent than the direction claim , it rates 4-stars with our family . trying to learn objective info on laundry detergent is well . . . . the following is true of this product in standard strength or 3x with extra detergent added : i am allergic to most laundry detergents , but this product has prevented severe discomfort for me for about 10 years . it is consistently among the lowest-priced detergents available . in addition to being very easy on clothes and skin , it does work quite well in the stain-removal department and can be used as its own presoak . this is good to know if you are like me and are trying to avoid allergens . it is important to remember that if you buy a hypoallergenic powder detergent instead of a liquid like this , you may have to pre-soak stains and you wo n\'t have a hypoallergenic liquid with which to do it . while "" tide "" and "" cheer "" are also available in hypoallergenic formulas , [ "" tide free "" is actually just unscented] they are considerably more expensive and work no better in my experience . that \'s why i like this "" all liquid detergent - free clear , laundry detergent "" . objective information is tough to find ! i actually did conduct a hard target search for true , objective information on laundry detergents . there is very little beyond which brand causes pollution which , while important , is not what i was trying to find . "" consumer reports "" does have test comparisons of the most popular brands in its monthly magazine every couple of years and they do include some detail . about "" all \'s website "" if you are looking for this product \'s website it is under "" unilever "" and you will have to specify "" usa "" under products , as the word "" all "" will show up in almost every search result . you will find "" wisk "" and "" breyer \'s ice cream "" and almost as many neat name brand products as you would at procter and gamble \'s site . [i am not affiliated with any product or company]'
 'this guy is going to become big someday . i agree with this reviewer : "" the songs on "" seven swans "" , with a folksy bucholic feeling that runs through most of them , tell of spiritual tales . they tell of love that transcends the body and age . sufjan can appeal equally to the christian person as to the one who practices zen buddhism . and that is something few songwriters can accomplish . keep an eye on sufjan for years to come . "" i have fun tooling around with "" to be alone with you "" on the guitar , such a simple but infectious melody . "" seven swans "" is not over orchestrated like "" michigan "" and "" illinois "" seem to be . good song to ok song ratio is about 85 percent on this one and about 45-50 percent on the the aforementioned cd\'s . "" seven swans "" is a great way to get introduced to the subtle musical power and overall genius of sufjan . sufjan has all his own style and is not afraid to tell us who he is . very creative...he truly forges his own musical path . cannot wait for his cd called "" wisconsin . ""'
 ""i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill .""
 'this toilet paper will never feel like the cozy stuff that blocks the toilet on a regular basis , but it is a product that feels somewhat better than varieties you find in many public toilets . i am willing to compromise a tiny bit of plush , and save all the hours spent attached to toilet plungers . i do concern myself with any chemicals that are placed into a product that makes it "" rapid-dissolve "" , and will in time , try an environmentaly friendly brand . a great option for family with kids who know no limits for toilet paper usage , and ignore the presence of a plunger'
 'cryptic and confusing muddle of mush . if this is the "" new style "" of writing , we are in trouble folks .'
 'i think the shaver works well , but the plastic is thin and cheap . the biggest complaint is that there is no carring case for the razor , cleaning brush and charger . i think the cost should of been higher if that is what it takes to provide a case'
 'i \'ve always written how the american now compilations do not even come close to the british ones , and my opinion has not since changed . now 20 \'s track list , however , is solid and pretty good for the american series . it has mostly good rap songs ( which can be sometimes rare in this series ) , great rock songs , and not an overload of mediocrities . i \'ll go in depth . 1. missy elliott feat . ciara & fatman scoop - lose control...a a great rap song - missy elliott has a great style and her lyrics are actually understandable and enjoyable . ciara is a nice addition to the song . fatman scoop \'s random screaming in the background was n\'t essential , but it at least adds some energy to the track . the music \'s actually interesting and something different from everything else . 2. black eyed peas - do n\'t phunk with my heart...c+ their first album was stellar , and their second is as well . but this was one of the worst tracks on "" monkey business "" and did not deserve to become a single . annoying , but not horrible . 3. pussycat dolls feat . busta rhymes - do n\'t cha...a - a really good rap song - busta \'s rapping is a good addition to the song , making this radio remix better than the original on the pussycat dolls \' album , "" pcd "" . a dangerously catchy chorus elevates this song to a pretty high grade . 4. rihanna - pon de replay...b+ pretty catchy , and a good party song . but it gets pretty irritating after a while . and the "" dip it low and you pick it up slow "" from the first verse directly copies from christina milian \'s "" dip it low "" . that \'s so unoriginal , rihanna ! 5. ludacris feat . bobby valentino - pimpin \' all over the world...b good music , but it \'s not much without the video , which was , by the way , partly shot in africa . 6. bow wow feat . ciara - like you...b bow wow \'s returning to the rap scene was really unneeded , but ciara \'s chorus makes this song better than mediocre . 7. dem franchize boys feat . jermaine dupri , da brat & bow wow - i think they like me ( remix ) ...c this song does not deserve the publicity , and i \'m stunned why people like this . it \'s worse than mediocre , it \'s horribly irritating . and much of the song is bleeped out because the original is so dirty . rap just is n\'t rap when it \'s edited , and this song is proof . but even without the editing i do n\'t think this song has a chance . annoying "" yep "" s in the background and mediocre rapping...just skip it already . 8. destiny \'s child - cater 2u...b - mediocre for destiny \'s child . actually pretty boring . but they have great voices . 9. lyfe jennings - must be nice...c+ mediocre . 10. natasha bedingfield - these words...a a great "" new "" artist who actually found success with this song a year earlier the us . great songwriting about bad songwriting ( if that makes any sense at all ) and a good voice . now i \'m just wondering when her brother daniel \'s going to release another "" if you \'re not the one "" . 11. kelly clarkson - behind these hazel eyes...a - the only american idol who earned over twenty minutes of success , kelly \'s finding massive success with her second album , and for a reason - she \'s got an awesome voice , and pulls off rock quite well . this song was brutally murdered by the radio , but that \'s why i \'ve moved onto the remixes ( not on this album ) . 12. d.h.t. - listen to your heart ( unplugged version ) ...a though furios f.ez \'s hard trance remix of this song is a lot better than this unplugged piano version , this amazing cover of the roxette track deserved all the fame it got . edmee \'s got a fantastic voice and this is a perfect song for her . beautiful song also . 13. backstreet boys - just want you to know...a - the backstreet boys \' newest album must have been the #1 most unwanted comeback of all time ( let \'s just hope n*sync does n\'t follow...*cringe* justin timberlake ) , but this is their best song . and this comes from someone hard to impress by the backstreet boys , but they pull off this rock song pretty well . 14. click 5 - just the girl...a a really good rock song which many can relate to . 15. franz ferdinand - do you want to...b atonal , but franz ferdinand has a good reputation , so i \'ll let it slide . but this is definitely evidence of a sophomore slump . 16. weezer - beverly hills...a+ unfortunately it was flattened , torn apart , and buried alive by the radios , so i will review it as it was still last summer when i first heard it . this song is amazing and the chorus is way too catchy to believe . but i do n\'t need to write this , as most people already know . 17. fall out boy - sugar we \'re going down...a an amazing song , but it \'s only good if you can put up with songs where you ca n\'t understand what they \'re saying . seriously , it took approximately six times looking up the lyrics to actually realize what \'s being said here . but the music is great , and this song overall is a pretty good rock track . 18. lifehouse - you & me...a - an instant classic . 19. coldplay - fix you...a+ i \'ve read mixed reviews about this song , but personally , i think its amazing . following a vaguely similar buildup as led zeppelin \'s "" stairway to heaven "" , this song just keeps you listening until the end . the rockout part at the end is magical . 20. keith urban - you \'ll think of me...b it \'s somewhat annoying that keith \'s been on now albums consistently for a while but his songs are n\'t as popular as , say , gretchen wilson . i \'m starting to think keith \'s been put on these albums not for popular songs but just so a default country artist could be there . a good song , but it could \'ve been replaced with something better in the country department . so overall , this is a great selection of songs , some amazing , some decent , and some mediocre to bad . i \'d suggest you buy this , as it \'s a good list of tracks . overall , this album gets a b+.'
 'make sure you get the cheats to keep a lot of cash in the bank . this game is totally addictive .'
 ""the video editing capability is tough to deal with and not impressive when you figure it out . the tools are not explained and there is n't as much to do with it as they imply . may be nice for birthday party editing , i do n't know . i did n't like it . it 's not worth $100. the other capabilities might be nice , but from what i 've dealt with , that 's not the case""
 'season 1 of veronica mars took me by surprise , and i really enjoyed the ride . the second season , however , does n\'t live up to the quality of the first . instead of one large mystery , in season two viewers are treated to several smaller mysteries to solve . there \'s nothing wrong with that approach , but it seemed that as fast as one mystery skien got solved , another would pop right up without any resolution for the first . many episodes ended with my friends and i turning to one another and asking , "" is that it ? where \'s the rest of it ? "" this happened quite a bunch , with the child abuse investigation episode as perhaps the most jarring . are we really supposed to believe someone as determined as veronica would just pick up and call it quits because she gets a weird slap on the wrist ? that \'s totally out of character , yet we never see that family , the abused girl , or hear about the incident again . that type of confusion and weird plot points kept popping up . the "" major "" villain of the season comes out of left field to be the murderer , and his motivation for murder ends up being really weak and unbelievable . because of the all the loose ends , go-nowhere plots , and the surprise villain who was probably a surprise to the writers up until deadline , i \'m giving season 2 a 2 star rating . season 2 of veronica mars still has some funny dialogue , and some clever episodes , but it does n\'t deserve all the 4 and 5 star reviews i \'ve seen . i \'ll continue to watch , however , as veronica mars has a lot of promise . hopefully the producers can get things in gear for season 3'
 'i was quite pleased with this alarm clock until recently when i found that it was consistently waking me up one hour early . i tried fiddling with the dst setting and then changing the alarm and clock times just a little but without fail it would wake me an hour earlier than i wanted . the brightness may be a problem for some people but i found it reasonable . overall a good docking station , but a poor alarm clock'
 ""this is an honestly forgivably slightly too long film that manages to be surprisingly crass with three dimensional characters and capture much of war 's bad brutality ( but necessity hey the men and women set fire to are all deranged nazis ) . i love the scenes best where sutherland plays a general and the part where the english chicks show up at sort of dance with the dozen ( interesting if english jill ireland had been one of the ladies there- -with charles bronson looking at her- - which she wasn't -- -but the mostly hot chicks they have do just fine ) . before i saw the film i heard ernest borgnine was in the movie and i thought he was going to be one of the dozen . there is no really solidly likable member of the dozen ( sutherland 's probably the closest they come to this and he is rather undeveloped ) and borgnine could have fit the bill very nicely had he been a convict- -instead they 've got him in a more dull role of a general . but what the dozen lack in likability they make up for in interest . cassavettes ( whom i strongly physically resemble by the way ) is outstanding as the most crooked but slickest member of the dozen and he shines best . savalas is next best as the lust hating psycho ( hey sex between men and women is needed to produce babies , telly , or the human race would have ceased to exist a long time ago and the book of genesis talks of man and woman becoming one ) . bronson is the true chameleon of an actor as just 8 years later he 'd be the very different vigilante paul kersey of death wish so different than the very tough but still gentler fellow he plays here . marvin brilliant in the lead as the head major leading the dozen ( probably even better than the very good john wayne would have been ) . nice turn by bob ryan as a decent colonel who rather understandably makes things hard for the covert dozen . the rest of the cast is mostly very good too . very good film !""
 'if you think yer gonna puke everytime you have to suffer through a "" country "" song from nashville these days , and you happen to like classic rock , you would probably appreciate what shooter \'s trying to do here . folks , this is the real deal . i do n\'t mean real country or real rock - this is a hybrid - i mean he \'s making music that is honest and down to earth . a flash in the pan , he \'s not . he \'s going to be around for awhile'
 ""this unit has all marketing features , date , time , memory stores up to 48 prior readings by date & time , but there is one problem its not acurate . my doctor said wrist cuffs can be -10% off just because of taking the reading at the wrist and not on the arm next to the heart , just like taking your bp on the right arm . the further from you heart the lower your readings . example : the doctor takes my bp then i take it with the cuff monitor he / she sys its 110 / 56 54 beats / min where this one reads 151 / 93 60 beats / min . we tried it several times and each time it was incorrect . so he told me not to use it . i bought a simular unit , no date , time on the screen , but stores 99 prior readings , tested again with the doctor 's nurse and found it to be within limits . she said you never get the same reading twice in a row . some nurses & doctor 's even take three readings and take the average .""
 'i bought this for my husband . he had a plantars wart on the bottom of his foot that was removed but became a callus that gave him pain . emu oil is the first thing that softened it and it is better than it has ever been and he had suffered with it for years'
 'i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so "" out there "" that when you first hear one of their cd\'s ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n\'t like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we \'ve got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n\'t have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 \'s kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country \'s kind of cool , too . and dracula \'s got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it \'s really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n\'t really that good . i do n\'t know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n\'t have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band .'
 'i simply do not see any point in mixing crime fiction with crime and punishment .'
 ""it might not be a good album but it definitely shows shania 's potential""
 'sure my canon sd-30 is super cute and i get lots of compliments on how small and sexy it is , but heaven forbid you want to take pictures with it ! ! this camera cannot take pictures in low light at all ! every picture i \'ve taken at parties has been out of focus , which adds up to a lot of hazy photos of great memories . i took it back to the camera shop and the guy said i had the setting right but "" yeah , they do n\'t work well in low light . "" well if i needed a bright sunny day for every shot i could make a pinhole camera out of a cardboard box ! the pictures it takes in daylight are nice . but anyone who wants a tiny little camera like this is planning on putting it in their pocket and taking it to parties ! i got the sony cybershot 10.1 and it takes great pictures in low light . later , canon .'
 'i ca n\'t discard these songs completely , because they have such potential ! clever , fun lyrics , great beat , but boy i wish this guy could hit his notes more often ! i suppose this fellow requires the sort of "" pitch does n\'t matter "" mindset that grateful dead listeners perfected years ago ( or similar drugs ) . i \'m just not that tolerant or substance affected'
 'i remember watching this in high school . i thought it was great fun then and my kids think it still is now . okay , we \'re not talking academy award material here ( emmy ? ) . ralph , bill , & pam are back for the third and final season of this far too short series about a man who is given a suit by aliens that gives him super powers . he is teamed with an fbi agent to help the world survive itself . in the first few minutes ralph looses the instruction book and must noodle out how to operate the suit . he runs into a few walls , literally . the first season was a little rough . the second season fleshed out the concept . this third season started to stretch its legs but the show was cancelled . i have looked for years for novels based on the show , to no avail . i even contacted cannell to ask if i could write them . as disney is half-heartedly working on a feature film based on the show cannell would n\'t cut loose with permission . alas , it would \'ve been fun . anyway , if you have the other two seasons you \'ll love this one . the only complaint / change i would make is having to play the theme song before each episode . i would \'ve made it so you could hit the "" forward to next "" button and go right to the action . also , the jacket plays a bit of the theme song . i wish they \'d made it possible to change the batteries . mike hudspeth in st.louis , missour'
 ""bought these for my nikon d200 about 3 months ago . never having used tiffen before i took a chance on a recommendation . vignetting can be an issue for polarizing filters and the vignetting on this one is the worse i 've seen . build quality of all the filters is really not very good . going to go back to hoya 's which are much better""
 'this is a great buy if you are just wanting to have some fun , with no real investment . although it does go beyond 17 feet , and that is not as far as you may think . but , i used it while snorkeling and the pictures turned out great , and i am sure a few were more than 17 feet .'
 'i watched this movie and it sucked , very slow.it might be a renter not a owner'
 ""i first caught the black swan several years ago on television and was immediately blown away . sure , it 's just a swashbuckler , just a pirate film - with the usual plot , the usual bits and pieces . there 's nothing outrageously distinctive about the black swan , at least at first sight . ty power stars as jamie boy , expert pirate who ends up by plot machinations in the employ of ex-pirate and now governer of jamaica , captain morgan laird cregar ) . morgan 's been given a pardon for his dastardly deeds and with his new title attempts to rid the seas of the dastardly buccaneers , sending jamie boy off to find george sanders ' captain leech . only there 's a twist in the mix - and some dastardly fop 's out to make a mockery of morgan by using leech as his private pirate to ruin the governer . to make matters worse jamie not only seemingly disappears - apparently in league with the nefarious leech , but he also kidnaps the previous governer 's daughter , played with feistyness by catherien o'hara.... . so it 's all the usual stuff - kidnapping , sword-fighting , stealing , drinking , pacts with arch enemies and stock characters throughout . but you know what - it 's not that you know what you 're getting , it 's that you get a whole lot more than you ever thought you would . sure , everything 's the same , but somehow strangely different . the story and characters are as seen before - but with the likes of sanders , power and o'hara as the love interest , and the great character actor cregar playing against type - you have life breathed into the character 's that 's so often lacking . and the original story by one rafael sabatini - who also brought us captain blood and the sea hawk - is a rip-roaring boys-own adventure . director henry king - no stranger to producing similar adventure styled flicks - cracks the picture along with some sense of urgency . it 's a spare , fluid film with a simple , but fun , narrative and visual splendour that puts other films , even those made today , out to pasture . this dvd manages to capture that splendour in abundance - the technicolor photography is gorgeously rendered herein , with all of the detailed production and costune design seen at its best . just check out the restoration comparison to see how good . in addition the disc also features a fine commentary from historian rudy behlmer . if you want a cracking piece of entertainment that puts shame to modern counterparts of the genre , look no further""
 ""charles laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as england 's king , henry the eigth , who infamously married six different queens , divorcing or executing them as circumstances warranted . the script to this magnificent alexander korda production is a witty jab at english history buffs , touching only briefly on the supposed treachery of ann boleyn , concentrating instead on the preposterous emotional life of the lusty , capacious king . laughton , as ever , is a marvel , skillfully presenting henry at first as a thinly-cariacatured lout , and gracefully embuing him with gradual shades of pathos and humanity . viewers who look to this film as historical drama are clearly missing the point : this is all about the cleverly-rendered script , which turns british schoolboy lessons on their heads , and on the classy ensemble acting , which admittedly may be hard to focus on with the lamentable quality of the current print ( i 'm writing in the year 2003 ; perhaps criterion or some other class-act movie restoration company can correct this problem soon ) . still , fans of early british cinema will enjoy this film a lot""
 ""this is the most god awful method for learning a language i have ever encountered . my jaw dropped when i saw that nasa and other government agencies were using this software in order to learn a foreign language . if that is truly the case then i demand my tax dollars back . it is that bad . the reason i gave this software a shot is because their marketing campaign has been asserting that it was the absolute definitive method for learning a new language . you 're probably looking at it for the same reason . first , you should know that you can purchase a set of flash cards from your local bookstore and it is just as effective as any rosetta stone softare and costs 90% less . i used this software when i borrowed it from a friend in order to see if it was better than my current method of learning mandarin , which i 'll get into later . i had an opportunity to make copies of this software when it was in my possession but decided against it . not out of fear of piracy penalties , just plain because i would rather not have this software than have a copy of it . that 's really how awful it is . imagine if your parents tried to teach you english by only teaching you noun / picture association ? it would n't work unless you learned about proper english grammar and proper syntax . if you learned about verbs and other things . this program will assume you know all your chinese numbers automatically . in the very beginning a picture of a little girl will show up and it will verbally say ' one little girl ' in mandarin.. . however it will not tell you which word means the number one , which word means girl , and so on . it 's a guessing game , not a learning experience . all the positive reviews i 've seen for any rosetta stone software on amazing seem absolutely phony and fabricated to me ( especially on the rosetta stone japanese page ) . please beware , and there is no better way to prove that what i 'm saying is true other than trying a demo for yourself . i am sure that it is as bad as the full retail version that i used for a week . the absolute best method i 've used for learning mandarin has been pimsleur 's audio cds . ( i 've never tried berlitz and pimsleur 's other competitors , but i 'm sure they are better than rosetta stone ) . i have used mandarin i and ii so far from pimsleur , and i am able to hold impressive conversations with other fluent speakers of mandarin . the great thing about it is that pimsleur explains everything to you , allows you to say it out loud , there is no brute memorization involved with pimsleur , only natural language assimilation . just ask yourself this , when you learned english as a child . did you learn by learning how to read and write first ? or did you learn how to speak and listen first ? did n't you learn syntax first and then use what you learned to formulate your own sentences ? that 's exactly how pimsleur has taught me mandarin . i was surprised how i was able to create my own grammatically correct sentences with pimsleur only a few lessons in . go ahead and try a demo of any rosetta stone language . it should be enough to keep you away from rosetta stone in favor of any of their competitors . i 've heard good things about berlitz and others , but pimsleur in my opinion is the absolute best .""
 ""i read in one of the magazines , that many stars in hollywood eat chocolate to lose weight . i thought , that was some kind of cruel joke , until i read that the chocolate they eat is with hoodia , but i could not find the name for those chocolates . i searched the internet , and was i happy to find chocoleans ! i was going out on a date to my favorite sushi place , and had one chocolean before i left the house . it worked ! i could barely finish two sushi 's and i felt soo full . now i eat one or two chocoleans a day with water or coffee , and eat soo much less ! i already lost two dress sizes , amazing . and , they are sooo delicious""
 'i ordered the box version from amazon , instead of the download from the manufacturer not only because it was less expensive , but the main reason was so that i would have a paper manual . so many programs do n\'t come with hard copy manuals and i prefer them over on-line help . as for the program itself , i trialed a download first . for me , the thing i fell in love with was the ability to call up multiple images , side by side , and compare them ! it makes selecting the best image a breeze - a huge timesaver . you also have the ability to swiftly zoom in to check focus at full rez . another wonderful thing is that putting the curser over one of the preview images , and sliding it , will slide all the open previews simultaneously , so you do n\'t have to individually zoom and move each image . you can do this with up to 6 images at a time ! you can also do a quick histogram check by hitting the "" h "" key , which makes it easy to toss off bad exposures at the same time as the review . while you \'ve got the previews open you can hover the mouse over them and hit any # key to color-code the image . the colors can be keyed to whatever description you want . i do "" 1=green "" for yes , "" 2=yellow "" for maybe , and "" 3=red "" for no . there \'s room for quite a few more colors after that . i then hit the sort key back in the main screen and quickly select all the red "" no "" images and delete them . after i have all my green "" yes "" images , i then review them 6 at a time to give them star ratings . i resort by rating and now all the best images are at the top of the page and i can start processing them . you can batch process file name , and some other things that i do n\'t bother with , as well . it \'s got some nice keywording ability and you can easily sync the keywords with your photoshop files . what \'s incredibly nice is that you can click on any word in the keyword list and all the images you own , with those keywords , are immediately shown in thumbnails ! finding an image is actually fun ! it will even give you thumbnails of images you do n\'t even store on your hard drive anymore ! fantastic program - i highly recommend it ! the only reason i did n\'t 5 star it is b / c it \'s not all that intuitive . this is a read-the-manual kind of program , but you can do an awful lot with it without having to get too far in the book . ; )'
 ""i found this razor as the same as the other ones . do n't let them lie to you when you heard that this is the best one . the only cool part about it is that it has a small razor in the back that help the delicate areas like under the nose , et""
 ""i admittedly have not completed the full book , as it is thick . however i do find that the narrative focuses on the reactive rather than the proactive tools needed for dfss . for example almost all the examples given in section 2 talk about an existing system or process and there does n't seem to be any design examples and how the stats are used to solve the design problems . i therefore think the book is more about six sigma than dfss . barry""
 ""when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver""
 'let \'s get one thing straight - radiohead may be the greatest thing to happen to music since the beatles . that said , this is not the album for that reason . do not let this album turn you off from radiohead...beacause it is truly not what they are about . there is one hint though in where radiohead will go . in the song "" creep "" , which is not a fantastic song , there is a brilliant "" chu-chunk "" made by johnny greenwood . so please - if you are trying to get into radiohead...go somewhere else . for the "" rockers "" - get the bends , for people trying to expand their musical mind - get ok computer , and if you like that you may become obsessed with kid a . there are some unbelievable songs on amnesiac , but it is not their most cohesive album , and hail to the theif is very solid . thank you for your time'
 '"" animal house "" raised the bar , and set a standard for all comedies that followed . many have tried to duplicate the originality of this movie , and all have failed to come close . a classic for the ages'
 'i really like this sanitizer . the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because i wish that it was bigger so i could fit bottles and things slightly larger in it . but , i do put her pacifiers and bottle nipples in there .'
 ""you can get mac os x for 129 bucks and it has everything as opposed to the microsoft 's 227 dollar home premium which is the low end . buy mac and get all the functionality in one os . when spec'ed out the system are comparable in price , except apple does n't offer low-end hardware options which is why they seem more expensive""
 ""this smarmy kevin costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie . i found this movie nearly unwatchable . if you 're looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme try bull durham and eight men out""
 ""i purchased this unit and was dissatisfied with comparisons i made at the doctor 's office . i next purchased an omron arm unit and found the results to be more valid and reliable . the wrist unit is very cool , but did not live up to consumer reports suggestion that it had acceptable validity . i 'm technically savvy , an excellent instructions follower , and really wanted to like this unit , but i cannot recommend it . skip the cool wrist unit and get an arm unit if at all possible .""
 'this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program'
 ""this disk is truly as bad as nitin 's previous disks were wonderful . take any previous nitin disk , throw in some alpha , a bit of craig armstrong , some predictable eco-freindly american diatribe , mix until extremely smooth and you have a prophesy . as with most prophesies there no good news about it . my prophesy is that anyone who buys this wo n't ever buy another nitin dis""
 '1. let \'s get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n\'t that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it \'s you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it \'s just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , "" cold "" , "" take me out "" , "" pieces of me "" , and "" 1985 "" . skip this one'
 'all the cds this band has made suck . not even the first one so never buy something this idiots have made . blink-182 , sugarcult or sum 41 are good punk-pop'
 'i \'ve always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc \'s , plus that "" very best of "" cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they \'re putting in sheryl \'s coffee . some reviewers are saying there \'s "" heart and soul "" all over this album ? that may be , but it \'s also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n\'t see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 \'s style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very "" modern "" graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it \'s time for a new "" very best of "" collection )'
 ""it felt nice when my head and neck were resting on the real-ease , but the device failed to relieve the tension in my upper back and neck ( past the time i spent lying on the device ) . i 'm about 6 ' tall .""
 'i \'m an amateur at website design / building , so understand that i \'m not very "" deep "" in dreamweaver \'s abilities . however , i got the program to switch from adobe golive cs2 which had many quirks , bugs , and frustrations . ( one example - while you upload your changed files to the web server in golive , you ca n\'t do anything else in the program . single tasking ! ? ! ? ! ) after just 30 minutes or so of working with dreamweaver to update my site , i \'m already sure i \'ve made the right decision ! i have a long way to go in learning what it can do , but my first impressions of the product are excellent'
 'if you \'ve been living under a rock for the past year or so , perhaps you can be excused for not having heard about microsoft \'s new edition to the windows canon . for all others , vista has become a fact of life , whether or not you actually run the operating system yet . check out a tech website and you \'ll find a vista screen shot somewhere , either depicting some impressive overclocking results via cpu-z , or else simply for no other purpose than to show the world , "" yes , i can run aero- -are n\'t you jealous ? "" in fact , it \'s hard to avoid vista these days . and , as always seems to be the case , most of what you hear is probably negative . that \'s where i come in . i \'ve waited a while before writing this review , both to test the operating system and to wait for the horror stories to fade away . they haven\'t . and this can only mean one thing : the positive stories are n\'t getting through because most people who are satisfied with a product generally do n\'t feel the need to comment on it . now of course you \'ve probably seen quite a few anxious posts ( most likely in all capital letters ) either bashing microsoft for everything under the sun , praising vista indiscriminately , making it seem as though you need a $5000.00 enthusiast-class computer to run the thing , or boasting about mac \'s venerable os x and how windows vista is nothing more than a bad copy thereof . needless to say , none of these sorts of things helps , and all of them create a sense of confusion and negativity that reflects heavily on the product . and , if you analyze them closely , you \'ll realize that *none of them actually says anything about windows vista.* if you do n\'t believe me , then just go visit apple \'s discussion area and check out the ipod pages . you \'d get the impression that ipods were the worst products ever made and that every single one has problems . yet , if this were the case , then why have in excess of 100 million units been sold thus far ? the answer is obvious : people seem compelled to review products only if something went wrong with their experience . in short , people confuse review sites with complaint forums . therefore , as the self-proclaimed dr. prog , i feel it my duty to step out of my usual mode of reviewing progressive rock albums and give an honest , no nonsense review of microsoft windows vista home premium . -the interface - ah , yes . you \'ve heard all about the new windows vista aero interface by now . and virtually every screen shot you \'ll ever see will feature aero . but it \'s much more than just pretty , glass-like window frames . aero includes many new enhancements to the ui , such as the live thumbnails that appear when you mouse-over minimized windows . as the name suggests , these actually update in real time , so if there is a video or an animation playing in the window , it will appear in the live thumbnail . this is very useful . perhaps less useful but scoring about an 8 on the 1-10 "" coolness factor "" scale is the oft-mentioned 3d-flip , which allows the user to view a three-dimensional representation of all open windows , along with offering the ability to virtually paw through these to bring the desired window to the forefront . these are the things you \'ll hear the most about . what you do n\'t hear so much is all the general changes that have been made to the overall interface . the new icons are photo-realistic and size-scalable . they start out a little large , but you can set them to any size within a wide spectrum . the explorer windows have been radically redressed , with a new breadcrumbs backward navigation tool that beats the old address bar hands down ( you can retrace your steps in a logical , step-by-step manner , instead of using the cryptic addresses ) . also , they \'re spruced up with decorations that recall the visual aura style of some of the new wallpapers . speaking of which , these are for the first time actually usable , unlike in previous versions of windows , where the wallpapers have been small and grainy . more general changes include the absence of menu bars in most areas of explorer , including ie . these can be replaced momentarily with a tap of the alt key , at least until you learn how to navigate without them . also , the animations are much better than in previous versions of windows , particularly the one you see when copying a file . in addition , the start menu has been reworked drastically . it does n\'t even say "" start , "" anymore ; instead , it \'s simply a blue orb with the windows logo . the first big change is the way programs are accessed : gone is the delicate and finicky ever-expanding hierarchy system , where a slightly overzealous hand could miss the mark and close the entire desired level . now , the all programs button leads to an explorer-like listing of folders , each clearly named , and each of which opens and closes with a single mouse click . each time the start menu is opened , the folders reset themselves . also , they are automatically alphabetized . the start menu also contains most of the system links usually found on the desktop ( computer , documents , etc. ) , which is why the only thing on the desktop the first time you boot up is the recycle bin . and , in case you have seen screen shots or have tried out vista already , the search bar at the bottom pulls double duty as a replacement for the run command utility . speaking of search , though i seldom ever find myself wondering where my files are ( i suppose i \'m unique in this respect ) , many people have far more data to keep track of than me , and thus they will greatly appreciate the enhanced and pervasive searching facilities of vista . there are search boxes virtually everywhere in explorer , including the start menu . there is even one in ie7 , though it is not integrated with the system search . but , as you \'ve probably noticed , this is but a list of interface changes and additions . i assure you the list could go on and on , and i know i \'ll receive more than one comment reminding me about some feature or other i \'ve forgotten . i \'ll read those when they come and add material as necessary . but , aside from this , how does this new interface really impact the end user ? to be perfectly honest , though it \'s certainly pretty and a few parts of it required a little adjustment , it did n\'t feel much different from previous windows versions to me . but , to be honest , this is a good thing . perhaps you \'ve heard that it \'s a nightmare to learn vista . that \'s a load of hogwash . a few things are renamed , a few things have been moved around , and on the whole everything looks prettier . but it \'s still windows ; it accomplishes the same tasks and it works virtually the same as it always did . -included software bundle - taking a hint from apple , microsoft has included a compliment of digital media manipulation software . while of course ilife is superior , there is one issue that must be cleared up : ilife is not an integral part of mac os x as you may have been led to believe . older mac users must purchase it ; it only comes with the newer macs . therefore , microsoft windows vista , to be purely technical , offers the most comprehensive digital media suite ever offered stock with an os . however , technicality is seldom practical , and microsoft \'s inclusion is no ilife killer . still , the included calendar ( new in vista ) , photo viewing and editing application ( new ) , windows media player 11 , windows movie maker , and windows dvd burning program ( new ) are nothing to scoff at . no , they wo n\'t replace dedicated , professional stand-alone programs , but let \'s be honest : neither will ilife . the new internet explorer 7 is a step forward from the piece of swiss cheese ie6 was , insofar as security . new features include a phishing filter , tabbed browsing , and improved security . additionally , ie7 runs in protected mode , also called a "" sandbox . "" the idea is that this one application is cordoned off from the rest of the system , thereby making it more difficult for malicious software to take control of your computer . but that \'s more for the security section of the review . the new ie7 is certainly more attractive than the older versions , and the version in vista offers enhanced visual appeal that the xp port of the software lacks . to be perfectly honest , i still use mozilla firefox ( mostly because i ca n\'t stand those blinking ads on web pages , and there is a firefox extension that gets rid of that annoyance once and for all ) , but if i had to , i would have no qualms using ie7. the new incarnation of window media player is really no different from the xp port . it still does n\'t support aac , and it still does n\'t handle gapless playback . as an ipod user and a progressive rock fan , respectively , i can gather only one thing from these shortcomings : it \'s time to break out itunes . do n\'t get me wrong : wmp is not at all a bad tool . it \'s still the default player on my system for most audio types . however , once an ipod owner and prog rocker , always an ipod owner / progger . i still say itunes is king , if only because its interface is cleaner , it supports my audio device , and it offers gapless playback . i have n\'t extensively tested the windows movie maker application , but i have read that it is updated very slightly from the xp version . the photo editing tool is completely new for vista , and after a little experimenting i was pleased that , though simple , the controls offer nice results . this application is on par with many of the basic image editing software packages you \'ll see offered with digital cameras , printers , and the like . the other applications have yet to receive my testing , only because i do n\'t often burn dvd movies , and i have n\'t entered an event in a calendar in about ten years . as far as windows mail , i cannot be objective because i have never used outlook or outlook express . reports seem to indicate that windows mail is simply a dressed-up outlook express , with many of the same features . as i said , i have never used a mail program . call me old-fashioned , but i just check and write my mail from my internet browser . either way , i do n\'t honestly believe microsoft would offer outlook-level functionality in the stripped down version of outlook 2007. all in all , i was rather impressed at the steps microsoft has taken to embrace the digital media age . the effort falls short of ilife and proprietary solutions in this regard , but then , that is simply to be expected . i have n\'t really benefited tremendously from the new additions , but there is certainly nothing wrong with them , and i know many people will be very happy with this digital media suite . -security - this is the big picking point many people ( rightfully ) have with windows xp . it seems as though there \'s at least two critical security updates every week . the mac commercials definitely have a point , but that \'s only because macs make up so small a percentage of the market share ( though it is indeed a growing share ) that it is not advantageous for malware to be written for os x users . even so , xp does n\'t get a free pass here . something had to be done . and that something was the security measures taken in windows vista . the "" sandbox "" has already been mentioned above , but other features have been added . one of these , windows defender ( microsoft \'s anti-spyware program ) , is one of those rare pieces of software that is just perfect : it may not be the best at what it does , but it \'s unobtrusive , it \'s simple to use , and it \'s totally and completely free . leave it on to supplement your already existing spyware solution , and you can only benefit . also featured in vista is the now infamous user account control ( uac ) . basically , it prompts you every time your computer does basically anything , including installing programs , running some programs , updating settings , etc. and , if you were wondering , the mac commercials have it right : it really is that annoying . to be fair , you will see far fewer of these alerts once the bulk of your software has been installed , but until then you will be very , very sick of uac . i do n\'t advise this , but since i was able to get my anti-virus and anti-spyware software up and running on vista , i finally turned off uac . symantic seems to think this was unwise , but norton virus scan does n\'t bother me about it other than to recommend , on its information page , that i leave uac activated . yeah . like that \'s going to happen . beyond these broad , tangible aspects of security , there is a lot of new stuff under the hood of vista that makes it less susceptible to malicious attacks . mostly , unless you \'re very savvy , you do n\'t need to understand it all and , to be frank , do n\'t ask me because i have n\'t the foggiest how it all works . i \'m just glad it \'s there . overall , i think microsoft has made a valiant effort with security . i would still not advise running any windows operating system without active virus and spyware protection , but at least vista has taken a step in the right direction . plus , you likely have anti-virus and anti-spyware software from running windows xp , which you can then install on vista . -the hardware - graphics : this is the part i have been waiting for . everything i read up until i finally installed vista told me i needed a dedicated graphics card with at least 256 mb of memory in order to run aero . i \'ll be honest : i fell for it . i had a graphics card *in my hand* , but on the way to the checkout i realized i had left my gift certificate at home . so i decided to wait and see how my hardware would react . this is where i realized the utter bias among the tech community : i had absolutely no trouble running aero on integrated graphics . and that only makes sense because my setup is rather typical : a 17 "" flat panel monitor and a modern computer . this will be what the majority of people have at the moment , and at this size , ig should have no trouble running aero . now use logic : if you want to run dual 24 "" widescreen monitors , yeah , you \'ll need a graphics card . especially since i do n\'t believe there even exists a dual monitor-capable ig motherboard ( if there is such a thing , it \'s certainly not available on the oem consumer market ) . but if you have a fairly typical single monitor scenario on a computer that you bought within the past few years , you should have no trouble at all insofar as graphics . do n\'t be fooled . if you want to be absolutely sure , however , there is no harm- -and plenty of good sense- -in downloading microsoft \'s free upgrade advisor utility to see if your setup is in any way deficient . plus , if you find you ca n\'t run aero for any reason , you were going to upgrade to vista anyway , so you can still buy dedicated graphics at that point . you do n\'t need the top-of-the-line card unless you want to make this an excuse to foray into gaming ; older technology that will get you up and running can be had for very reasonable prices . ram : there is one area , however , where many computers will be deficient : ram . oddly enough , while many sources are pushing the graphics card brigade , an almost equally strong force- -the computer manufacturers themselves- -seems to think that ram is no big deal . trust me : if you \'ve ever tried to run windows xp on 256 mb of ram , it \'s a painful experience . that \'s what vista is like on 512 mb- -you do n\'t even want to go there . dell is shockingly honest when they qualify the "" minimum "" vista requirement of 512 mb of ram ( as per microsoft ) as "" great for booting the operating system , without running any applications or games . "" this is where most people will have to upgrade their machines . 1 gb is perfectly acceptable ; if you want true multitasking power ( and you have the dual-core processor to support it ) , then go for 2 gb or more . for most people , however , 1 gb will be fine . my first of two vista machines has 1 gb and it works perfectly . i will warn you , though , that often times memory is installed in pairs , so your 512 mb is most likely two 256 mb modules . the paired method offers better performance , but it will make upgrading a system with only two memory slots somewhat expensive ( though not exorbitant by any means ) . but this is not somewhere you want to skimp , so at least one pair of 512 mb memory modules should be on your list of extra hardware if you have only 512 mb of memory currently installed . processor : this is perhaps the most accurate in terms of the hype . you \'ll need at least a 1 ghz processor to run aero . many computers with such processors do n\'t even support 1 gb of ram , so if you \'re in that situation , you will definitely be looking at a new computer with vista pre-installed . however , these are very old machines by this point , and most of us have something slightly newer . one myth that needs to be dispelled is that dual-core processors will run vista better than single-core cpus : vista is , for the most part , based on the microsoft server 2003 code , which is , in turn , based on the xp code , both of which came before the advent of multi-core processing . therefore , to the effect that the operating system is run , there will be only a marginal difference between a single-core or a dual-core cpu , provided both use identical core architectures . of course any applications that take advantage of multi-threading will benefit from multiple cores , but this was , is , and will always be the case , independent of the operating system . the question is simply whether you see yourself multitasking more with vista . if that \'s the case , then a new computer with a dual-core processor installed is probably your best bet ; if you \'re fine with your current setup , then it will most likely run vista and aero without any problems . it is interesting to note , however , that some upgrade aptitude utilities have some small quirks and will give conflicting and non-real results . for example , such a utility offered by advanced micro devices ( amd ) passed both my a64 x2-based machines without a hitch . however , when on a whim i ran it on my old p4-based desktop , the utility seemed to think that a 2.40b ghz pentium 4 northwood ( 533 fsb ) would be insufficient to run vista . i smell amd bias , even though i happen to favor amd over intel . just take what such utilities tell you with a grain of salt , and remember that microsoft \'s own utility is likely the most reliable . generally , your processor will not be an issue when upgrading to vista . hard drive : again , this one is pretty straightforward . if you have a 40 gb hard drive or better , you \'re good to go . and if you do n\'t have that , hard drives are so cheap these days that you could easily at least triple your current capacity for about what it costs to take the family out to dinner one evening ( amazon does not allow price figures , hence my vagueness regarding pricing throughout this review ) . things get interesting when you consider a dual boot scenario . this is when you have two operating systems running on the same system , either on the same or on different hard drives . in my honest opinion , this is the best way to go because you get to keep your current operating system ( just in case you run into problems with vista ) , and you also get to have vista . keep in mind that , in order to run vista on the same hard drive as your current os , you \'ll need to install each os on a separate partition . you can either purchase a third party partitioning tool , or do what i did , which was use the ubuntu linux live boot disc \'s built-in partitioning utility . of course there is risk involved with this last solution ( but , in my experience , i \'ve used it dozens of times with no problems ) , so do the latter only at your own risk . -compatibility - this is where most of the horror stories have come from . both hardware and software compatibility nightmares are flitting around in denser clusters than fish flies in june . up until recently , anti-virus and anti-spyware programs have been unable to install on vista . in addition , many proprietary printer applications are incompatible , yet the printer itself will often times function perfectly . graphics and sound card drivers still have n\'t really caught up , despite the fact that they \'ve had a little over two years to do so . i wo n\'t deny that , if your system just happens to roll the snake eyes , you \'re in for some hell . but it \'s not half as bad as you hear . i installed vista without a hitch ; there is a separate part of the process where the os scans the system for hardware , installs the necessary drivers , and then generates a list of anything that does n\'t install properly . every piece of hardware i had was recognized . in addition , my printer was recognized and installed in about five seconds , despite the fact that its own software would not install ( and that its maker , hp , still had n\'t posted a vista-compatible version ) . even my usb internet modem , which the upgrade advisor flat out said would not work with vista , installed and ran perfectly when i supplied the drivers from the manufacturer \'s website . the fact is , vista has shipped with exponentially more drivers than any edition of xp . plus , it \'s possible to supply drivers from manufacturers \' websites for the odd , esoteric bit of hardware that is n\'t immediately detected . sometimes it will work , sometimes not . but this is only to be expected when upgrading to a new os . i do n\'t seem to remember everything being rosy when xp came out , either . this is yet another item of strong support for a dual boot scenario . software is no different from hardware . all my software titles , with the possible exception of the ancient original roller coaster tycoon , work flawlessly with vista . and the latter did n\'t work with windows xp mce 2005 , either , so i do n\'t blame vista for this . if your software acts buggy or otherwise just wo n\'t work , check the manufacturer \'s website . if it \'s a fairly recent title , there will most likely be some compatibility patches or a whole new version of the application , all free of charge . just be ready to insert your product key , if required , in the latter case . now of course chances are that if you have some pet application from the mid-nineties , it might kick up a few dickens . again , a strong case for dual boot . the final and perhaps most prolific source of upgrade hell is , ironically , the upgrade itself . this process works by performing an in-place upgrade of an already existing operating system ( xp ) . these sorts of upgrades are notorious for problems , and the vista crop is no exception . however , since you \'re currently viewing the full version page , this obviously is n\'t an issue for you . just remember , the best ways to install vista are either as a clean installation ( if necessary obliterating an existing os ) or a dual boot scenario . anything else and you might experience problems . but this has always been the case with in-place upgrades . -overall - i thank you for reading this far . most people won\'t . i know this was pretty long , but i wanted to get it all out there for people to read . vista is not a bad operating system . was i absolutely floored with it ? it may require some more time , but it has n\'t been the revelation microsoft promised . this is somewhat disappointing , and yet , somewhat reassuring as well . i did n\'t suffer any downtime because i could n\'t figure out how the operating system works , i did n\'t have any glaring compatibility issues , and my computer has worked virtually error-free ever since i first installed the os . in short , the change , while not mind blowing , was n\'t drastic or disturbing , either . at the end of the day , just remember : it \'s windows . love it or leave it , it \'s just microsoft \'s operating system . vista will do the same thing as xp and earlier editions ; it \'s not a source of inspiration or drive . it \'s only as good as the person who \'s using it .'
 'i bought this bag looking at the display on amazon . but compare to price i paid this bag is not atall good . size is small , extra pockets are useless , where you cant keep much . camera pocket is also not convenient . only plus point is quality of material used .'
 'james , you wrote : "" ben is weak , immature , a stalker , lazy , has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable to tell his parents no when they ask him to wear a scuba suit for their family friends . wow ! revolutionary film-making...not ! "" yes , ben was weak , immature , and had bad taste in women . his learning to overcome his weakness , immaturity , bad taste in women , and then defy his family and elaine \'s family was his coming of age story . that was the point of the movie . it went right over your head ! the acting was dead on and the subject matter was shocker when it came out ! how could you not love this movie ? maybe you need to grow up a little to see the value . watch it again in a few years . i think you will change your low opinion of this great classic movie over time .'
 ""there are two story lines here , one an unqualified celebration of the state of girls ' prep sports after a generation of title ix 's beneficial impact , and another the very qualified consideration of the state of some individual girls ' athletic lives after a generation of title ix 's less beneficial side-effects . heartbreak , fury , exultation are the viewer 's rewards . only quibble is that the climactic game was documented in too abbreviated a manner""
 'as owner of every single chill / lounge music cd i am aware of , this was the biggest dissapointment in a long time . ultra chill series 1-4 was outstanding . while ultra chill 05 is not a complete disaster , i could not find one song worthy of a 5 / 5 star rating . quite a few 4 star songs and lots of 2-3 star songs . some of the better songs were repeated on older chill discs or present on other series of lounge discs . there is a lot of jazz and latin chill on these two discs , which i also like , but the jazz / world / latin chill tracks here were repeats or nothing great . i think the person that rated this 5 stars does n\'t own a lot of lounge / chill and is probably a lot easier to please . i \'m very dissapointed . maybe this \' genre \' is all dried up ! : ) oh well.. . i \'m off to listen to "" chillout seesions 8 "" ... hopefully it will be a lot better . i highly reccomend chillout seesions by ministry of sound . chillout sessions 1-7 are outstanding.. . time to go listen to the new 8 !'
 'it does n\'t sound like the people you list as reasons "" not "" to read this book , actually read "" this "" book . there is a big difference , in my opinion , of putting positive affirmations in your mind , versus a witch doctor . and quite honestly , it seems the positive affirmations could and should be used in "" conjuction "" with medical care . does it say anywhere in the book to forego medical care , because you will most definitely be healed ? no where . so in my opinion , one has to have a "" sound "" mind , and not view the book as a "" cure all "" for all the ills in life , but rather a positive way to "" enhance "" your life . it is just plain stupid to to avoid getting medical care , when you have a terminal illness , or any other illness for that matter . but according to what i gather from the book , you can use positive affirmations , and "" believe "" that you are getting well , to help keep yourself in a positive state , rather than filling your head with negative thinking that you will never get well . studies aside from this book have proven that a healthy and positive attitude and mental outlook , have done wonders for recovering patients , along with their medical care . your review did not address any of those people that read this book , because the two examples of people you list , it is apparent they did n\'t read the book either , ( not sure what compelled you to post here ? ) therefore you are not qualified , in my opinion , to critique this book , as they were using apparently some form of faith healing from a televangelist , did they prescribe drinking snakes blood , too ? anyway , this book in no way says to forgo medical treatment if you are sick , and those that do , probably wo n\'t be addressing their medical problem . can the positive affirmations and power of suggestion help you through your medical crisis ? i imagine it can , ( studies prove it can ) in addition to proper medical treatment . anyway , you might want to actually read the book , instead of making comments of what happened to "" so and so "" who did n\'t even read it or apply it , including yourself .'
 ""ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness )""
 '"" when was the last time you actually bought a ticket to see a movie , you actually paid your own money to see it ? "" "" last night , pasedena . the bicycle thief . "" "" it \'s an art movie . it does n\'t count . we \'re talking about movie movies . "" robert altman is one of my favorite directors , mainly for the way he finds insight in the most inane actions or phrases . this short exchange has many layers when taken out of context and many more when taken in context . with this dialog , the player reveals exactly why hollywood movies do n\'t make the money they should . not because they do n\'t make quality films , but because when a good movie does make money , it does n\'t count because it \'s not a "" movie movie . "" if he stopped to really listen to what was being said , he would \'ve seen that art films have a great drawing power and actually do n\'t cost much to make . but people still wonder why the modern film industry is suffering . wait , there \'s more . the people in the room do n\'t know it , but producer griffin mill , in a fit of paranoia , killed an unemployed screenwriter outside the theater that night . he was being stalked by a writer , but he blamed ( and murdered ) the wrong one . now he \'s still being stalked , still in danger of losing his job , and the cops suspect him of murder . not a good week for mister mill . as the conversation presses on , mill \'s potential replacement passes around a newspaper , telling people to read random headlines to be made into scripts . mill spots the story on his murder which we \'re already watching play out in a movie . yes , it \'s that type of movie , the self-referential hollywood movie about hollywood movies that keeps teasing itself for the viewers \' enjoyment . we \'ve seen it about a thousand times before ( or since ) : get shorty , adaptation , wes craven \'s new nightmare , even certain elements of 8 1 / 2. there \'s really nothing too special about it , but this one has much more subtlety and is much more believable . pay close attention to the ending scene , and think about what words they \'re using opposed to what they \'re really saying . there \'s really only one word for a film like this : "" clever !'
 'i took "" my "" unit to a monthly meeting for seniors . their machine broke & i took mine as a replacement . they liked it so well , they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings . they like all the different aspects of the machine . a suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine ?'
 ""this is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you 've probably never heard of . if you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you""
 'this is bring to your notice that the product that i have orderd has not reached me yet . i request you to do the needful . thanking you prince georg'
 ""the dvd says : nelly - the longest yard , boom , fly away and errtime ; no doubt - hella good ; natasha barr - move ; nicole kindle - oh my , oh my ! ; lynard skynard - saturday night special ; murphy lee - stomp ; jet - are you gonna be my girl ; the hollies - long cool woman ( in a black dress ) ; 216 - u should know ; public enemy - give it up and opus de soul ; d12 - my ballz and peter gunn theme ; michael kamen & buckethead - jack & the ripper ; mountain - mississippi queen ; methods of mayhem - narcotic ; the crystal method - roll it up ; big head todd & the monsters - boom boom ; ccr - have you ever seen the rain and bootleg ; david shire - fall-off truck and cats & dogs ; thomas newman - creek house ; wayne hancock - railroad blues ; norman greenbaum - spirit in the sky ; union turnpike - oh ; ludacris feat . lazyeye - get back ( clean rock mix ) ; ac / dc - thunderstruck and if you want blood ( you 've got it ) ; red hot chili peepers - higher ground ; kool keith & kutmasas kurt - break u off ; univ of southern california - usc drum cadence ; tracie spencer - still in my heart ; yea that 's different and prolly a double cd...off to itunes : )""
 ""the only thing you can say about today 's music is that it 's disguisting , gross , and made by recording artists who drop out of school and seem to think that a life as a rap music artists is so cool , until they get shot . every copy of this cd should be burned""
 'i read this book after watching the brilliant movie version of "" the hours . "" if that \'s your motivation , do n\'t waste your time . my english teachers will cringe when i say it , but this book , well , sucks . it may well be great literature , but the characters are not engaging , and if it was woolf \'s motive to out-do james joyce in chronicling a day-in-the-life and in writing a stream of conscious narrative , she does n\'t pull it off . again , the characters and the internal mental life simply do n\'t have the power that "" ulysses "" has . reading woolf is necessary for a good eduction . i recommend , however , that you read "" to the lighthouse "" . i may still be motivated to read the book version of "" the hours "" given how great the movie was . but my taste for woolf is all done now .'
 'lacks transitions between slides of digital pictures . makes the slideshow somewhat flat . one good thing - can put music and also is quite fast in creating a vc'
 'it \'s sometimes hard to think there are really anymore pleasing melodies out there , but thank halstead & co . for proving me wrong . i am happily pleased with their latest , and very eagerly awaited , effort . instead of the depths of melancholia and loveliness on , say , out of tune , they give us 41+ minutes of what seems like basically "" it \'s good , everything \'s going just way ok.. . "" it \'s happy . maybe i \'ll hear a lyric later that says something else , but for those for whom music is the priority , you ca n\'t go wrong with this considered and experienced and artful pop . four and a half stars'
 'i have the sony battery that came with the camera and bought an additional sony battery that allowed for 2-4 hours . however , i wanted a battery that i could count on for the better part of an "" all day "" event and i found it in the qm91d . i was asked to photograph a wedding from getting ready ( hair dresser at 0830 , until the end of the reception at 11:30pm ) the qm91d held strong . i did not constantly video tape , but with my digital recorder i had 6 sony 120 tapes ( 60 min digital ) - - 5 were captured using the qm91d . i did switch some of the tapes before they were completely used to make sure i did n\'t miss important events ... so i never actually used up "" all "" of the qm91d battery . this battery was used again during the evacuation from houston ( secondary to hurricane rita ) - - i used it entirely and it did not faulter ... it lasted throughout the trip and i had no need to change to the smaller batteries . the size of the battery did not really bother me - - i was aware that it would be larger than the others and it did not hamper the use of the camera . read the manufacturer information on battery life , charging time etc ... for this battery it is valid . i would recommend this battery .'
 '................my man did his \' thing once again............... . ...................big-ups 2 dave , soul music.................. . & all musicians who \'ve collaborated *that \'s how it \'s 2 be done ! * .....why must feeble-minded folks always feel that it \'s always someone \'s job 2 educate them , why ca n\'t they relax & allow them - selves 2 be entertained ? *i suppose those of you that did n\'t get it were expecting for it 2 be "" just like "" the chapelle show ? were you expecting 2 see "" ashy larry all-up & through "" ! "" 2 see the fugees hit the stage @ 1 time + "" dead prez "" that was much more than enough 4 me , when lauryn song "" killing me softly "" i almost cried son ! "" ****matter of fact jersey stand up ! ! ! ! **** ******listen be not deceived , 4 those of you that have not see it *please do n\'t be fooled see it 4 your self 2 decide ! if you are not scared 2 be entertained "" dig-in "" ! ! ! ! ***** ......it \'s the roots , fugees , mosdef / black starr , jill scott , erykah , big daddy kane , kool g rap , cody chesnutt , & my brothers "" d-e-a-d*p-r-e-z "" . ! ! ! !'
 'do you feel different from people around you ? do they resent your ingenuity ? have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? congratulations ! you are either in the aryan nations or the clan of the cave bear fan club , possibly both ! ( i exaggerate - you could be a nineteenth century english settler in australia , or a boer in south africa , or maybe you just like larry niven , but that \'s beside the point ) i can forgive auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . in the late 1970 \'s when she did her research , we did n\'t have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at wikipedia . ultimately we \'ll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and auel \'s is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion . similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . i have n\'t read her more recent works , but i imagine she has probably improved . even with the pendulous sentences clan is not unreadable . what infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . the story reads like a near-literal historicization of helena blavatsky \'s secret doctrine on the fall of the "" aryans "" - who interbred with "" subhumans "" introducing the world to , oh i dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book \'s neanderthal culture . of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug . against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . i would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give auel \'s books a wide berth . also ? enough rape scenes already'
 'if you have this book , keep using it for the review only , but not for the tests . i suggest , use 15 tests of meylani for the practice'
 'every time this movie comes on my husband ( who is english ) and i watch it and laugh our heads off.if you have ever been in an english train station , drinking weak , watery cups of tea out of dirty , cracked cups.smelling mildew and stale cigarettes while you freeze to death you would see the humor in anyone being romantically moved while sitting there.and not to be crule , but these are not exactly a couple of sex-pots.the thought of two stodgy old english people being driven wild by their passion for each other is , well- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - hilarious ! i give it 5 stars for being so darn funny.oh- - - and the music- -- - please ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but it is worth watching for a good laugh'
 ""i give the db pro 5 stars , but i am totally disappointed in amazon.com and the gamecreaters , heres why the first thing i noticed is my box is different than that shown here.. . http : / / darkbasicpro.thegamecreators.com i didnt recieve any of the free software stated in the link above i cant find the over 45 demo 's over 25 tutorials over 600 textures over 120 sound effects 900 3d models that is stated here.. . http : / / darkbasic.thegamecreators.com / i applied the .59 upgrade patch and now my program wont start . it says its missing msvcr71.dll file . the original version was 1.05 i cant believe the darkbasic.com is advertising this product , yet amazon.com is shipping some ancient version . hopefully i will be able to resolve this issue. .""
 ""though the description of this product says it 's filled with natural buckwheat hulls and rice , mine had a strong smelling deodorant coming from the removable bags you heat . i used them once and then packed them away because i do not like the odor . i wish the mitts had been unscented . perhaps over time , or by next winter , the odor will be gone and i 'll get some use out of them""
 'someone named "" ndb "" ( and i \'m willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by "" ndboston "" in certain other online venues...ahem ) hit it right on the head . there is no curse . there never was . glad that the phantasm of a curse managed to put dan shaughnessy \'s kids through college ok , but the red sox have had damned good reasons why they \'ve lost over the years , and none of them has to do with ghosts , specters , curses or other figments of the imagination . none of which takes away from the unbridled joy that we all feel in red sox nation at this wonderful , beautiful championship . ( by the way , ndb , shank is still gonna prime that pump . check this site for enthralling details of the windy-titled "" legend of the curse of the bambino , "" due to hit stores in may , and deep-discount racks in july or august at the latest . )'
 ""if you 're looking to hear robert johnson 's songs , you should probably buy one of the awesome collections availible . as this legend and musical genius has now been dead for 65 years , i 'm not sure what the other reviewers were looking for besides other people covering his songs , and talk about his life.. . that 's all we have now . and of course the covers do not outdo him ; that would be impossible . but there is some very thoughtful discussion on the life of robert johnson and the world he lived in . the discussion with a former classmate is touching , and the covers of his songs by those who knew him ( robert lockwood jr. , honeyboy edwards ) and by some of the new delta-blues talent such as guy davis , roy rogers and especially alvin youngblood heart blew me away . gov't mule and sonny landreth do some awesome electric renditions of his work . the major let downs are the cuts into interviews and pointless displays of the rock n ' roll hall of fame gathering , and also bob weir 's performance , which is just plain bad . all in all , it is a good film , and it 's nice to actually be able to watch people play his music , as we will never be able to see the real thing""
 ""some of the other reviews have said that the film is not editted properly and ' too slow' . i 'm not a film-maker and cannot comment on that other than to say that they are wrong . the film is amazing . i 'm not sure if there is any other movie or documentary that shows what a serialkiller-cum-dictator-cum-statesman is like . nowadays people might not know who idi amin is , or what he did , so its important to read up a little so you can truely appreciate this movie . he plays accordian ? you see him meeting with his ' advisors ' ( some of whom disappear so after . ) you see him play acting like a grown-up boy with toy soldiers . you see his self-appointed royal pedigree and send his support for nixon ! its fascinating and amazing . this is man that , self-proclaimed , actually ate some of his rivals ( not the whole body i hope ) . he killed many people directly and by his policies . his ego is outstanding and its an amazing movie . apparently , there is a new movies coming out about idi amin starring forrest whitaker . he 's a good actor and so i look forward to seeing it . but this is the real guy . its amazing and a feat probably never to happen again""
 ""john updike 's literary criticism is perceptive and sparely written - every one of his non-fiction collections is worth reading . but his novels have , from the very first , been precious , over-written and stifling in their desperate need for approbation . when he writes fiction , he 's like a dog doing tricks for reward . and certainly , the rewards have come . but for readers outside the us at least , it 's all a little mystifying . john cheever was a far better writer , yet his work seems somehow to be regarded by americans as the lesser canon . time will correct this mistake , no doubt , but in the meantime updike pours out ever more cloying and over-heated work like this . if i still have your attention , let me recommend the ' collected stories ' of john cheever . updike could only dream of writing prose like that .""
 'this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment'
 '"" the climb "" was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur \'s "" into thin air "" . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur \'s book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that "" the climb "" seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as "" into thin air "" , "" the climb "" still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev \'s english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding "" translations "" about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev \'s native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur \'s clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie "" everest "" .'
 'in 1980 michael weiner saw the publication of weiner \'s herbal : the guide to herb medicine , which states the medical benefits of marijuana [7]. however he recently stated that the chemicals in marijuana make it too dangerous to be used as medicine . on his program , he strongly cautions against the recreational use of marijuana , occasionally devoting his show to "" marijuana horror stories "" and its claimed potential to ruin lives . he has authored a number of other books on various herbal medicine topics under this name . more recently , savage \'s books are political in nature and published by wnd books , a partnership between the conservative website worldnetdaily and thomas nelson , a publisher of christian books . in january 2003 he published the savage nation : saving america from the liberal assault on our borders , language and culture , his first book under the pseudonym michael savage . the book quickly reached the top of the new york times bestseller list earning savage , as noted above , a commentary show on msnbc . the controversial book directs attacks at "" media bias "" , the "" dominating culture of \' she-ocracy \' "" , gays , and liberals . critics have faulted savage for making a number of assertions in the book that he often fails to substantiate with facts or resources . exacerbating this condition is the fact that the book itself has no index . the book is divided into two - to four-page sections , many of which are near-exact replicas to columns he published on the conservative site newsmax.com . in january 2004 , savage published his second political book , the enemy within : saving america from the liberal assault on our schools , faith , and military . his newest book , liberalism is a mental disorder was released on april 12 , 2005. both of these books contained citations of nearly every assertion made , contrary to "" the savage nation . "" in january 2006 , savage announced that he would be releasing a new book , the political zoo , in mid-march . [8] the book will contain satirical profiles and cartoons of different people in politics as animals in the "" political zoo "" including one of savage himself , who will be portrayed as the zookeeper . savage has remarked that the book will be "" easier to digest "" than his previous political books . books as michael weiner plant a tree , new york : collier books , 1975 bugs in peanut butter , boston : little , brown , 1976. man \'s useful plants , new york : macmillan . 1976. earth medicine , earth food , new york : macmillan pub . co. , 1980. the way of the skeptical nutritionist , new york : macmillan , 1981. nutrition against aging , bantam books , 1983. secrets of fijian medicine , quantum books , 1983. "" vital signs "" , avant books , 1983 getting off cocaine , avon books , 1984. maximum immunity , boston : houghton mifflin , 1986. reducing the risk of alzheimer \'s , new york : stein and day , 1987. the complete book of homeopathy , garden city park , n.y. : avery pub . , 1989. the herbal bible , san rafael , ca : quantum books , 1992. healing children naturally , san rafael , ca : quantum books , 1993. herbs that heal : prescription for herbal healing , mill valley , ca : quantum books , 1994. the antioxidant cookbook , mill valley , ca : quantum books , 1995. [edit] books as michael savage the savage nation , wnd books , 2003. the enemy within , nelson current , 2004. liberalism is a mental disorder , nelson current , 2005. the political zoo , nelson current , 2006. michael alan weiner was born to a russian jewish family [1] in the borough of the bronx in new york city . michael savage earned a bachelor \'s from queens college in education and sociology . he taught high school for several years in new york city . following that , he earned two master \'s degrees in ethnobotany and anthropology from the university of hawaii . he then received a ph.d . in nutritional ethnomedicine in 1978 from the university of california , berkeley . his thesis was titled nutritional ethnomedicine in fiji . savage spent many years researching botany in the south pacific , and has a background in alternative medicine . he has stated he was a liberal at one time and never served in the military . weiner was a friend of openly gay beat poet allen ginsberg , offering to arrange readings for ginsberg and lawrence ferlinghetti in 1972. [2] some of his letters to ginsberg are held in ginsberg \'s archives and one of those letters describes an encounter with a young fijian man . [3] savage denies writing the letter and called it part of a "" smear campaign "" by "" gay fascists "" . [4] savage also once posed naked for a photograph with ginsberg while swimming in fiji . [5] ferlinghetti views weiner \'s reincarnation as michael savage as "" total opportunism , "" the crowning achievement of someone who was "" always looking to make a fast buck "" and "" always trying to think up new schemes to get famous . "" michael savage began his radio career in 1992 on san francisco \'s #1 news / talk radio station kgo , first doing fill in work for other hosts , then getting his own show on the weekend . two years later he was given a weekday show on kgo \'s sister station ksfo where he shared airtime with a liberal talk show host . he chose his "" nom de voix "" in "" the tonga islands in the 1960s . i stumbled upon the name of a [19th-century] shipwreck who was locally infamous -charles savage . his exploits were legendary , "" he said . "" so the name was bouncing around in my head . "" at the time , his slogan was "" to the right of rush , and to the left of god . "" on january 1 , 1995 he was given his own show during the drive-time hours . the show quickly became a local hit . in 1999 , he came to the attention of the talk radio network . on january 17 , 2000 he started doing an additional two hours of radio which was broadcast nationally . for the next eight months , savage would spend a total of five hours a day just talking . his national experiment was a success , and on september 21 , 2000 , he stopped doing separate shows , beginning a full three-hour national show . after just one year , he was in 150 markets . by 2003 , he was in over 200 markets and is currently the no . 3 radio host in the united states . in june 2003 , he had a salary dispute with his flagship station ksfo who refused to renegotiate his contract . he was off the air for three weeks . on july 1 , 2003 he began his show on a different station : knew in san francisco . since that dispute , he speaks badly of ksfo and of "" vanity or pretty boy "" sean hannity , whose show replaced his on the station . savage also speaks pejoratively when referencing his fellow talk radio hosts or individuals with whom he disagrees ( see list of michael savage neologisms ) . as of 2005 , savage has between 8 million and 10 million listeners per week . this makes his show the third most widely listened to broadcast in the united states . in 1996 he applied to be a dean at uc berkeley \'s graduate school of journalism . when he was not granted an interview due to lack of qualifications- -less than two years of experience in radio , with a ph.d . in epidemiology and nutrition science- -savage filed a discrimination lawsuit that was eventually dismissed . the position instead went to china scholar orville schell who , according to weiner , was less qualified than himself . savage was hired by msnbc to do a one-hour show starting march 8 , 2003. on july 7 , a mere four months later , he was fired for making anti-gay remarks in response to a caller , later identified as prank caller "" east coast bob . "" savage was doing an "" airline horror stories "" piece , when bob called into his show to talk about undercover security guards smoking in the bathroom . his next words were "" half hour into the flight , i need to suggest that don and mike should take your show so you can go to the dentist because your teeth are really bad "" . the words after "" should "" were bleeped out by a msnbc exec , which would make one believe that the caller was actually making lewd comments about savage \'s sexual orientation . savage asked if he was a "" sodomite "" , to which the caller answered "" yes "" . savage then said to the caller : "" oh , so you \'re one of those sodomites . you should only get aids and die , you pig , how \'s that ? why do n\'t you see if you can sue me , you pig . you got nothing better to do than to put me down , you piece of garbage , you got nothing better to do today , go eat a sausage and choke on it . get trichinosis . now do we have another nice caller here who \'s busy because he did n\'t have a nice night in the bathhouse who \'s angry at me today ? put another , put another sodomite on....no more calls ? i do n\'t care about these bums , they mean nothing to me . they \'re all sausages . "" [6] before the show was canceled , msnbc was replaying his show during primetime hours saturday night ; many believe the show would have been canceled even without his comments , and that msnbc was simply looking for an excuse to dump the program due to pressure from special interest groups . others point out that msnbc has had poor programming and ratings performance for a long time and that many talk shows of all different political stripes have come and gone quickly on the network .'
 ""if you think you 'd find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting , then you 'll enjoy this book .""
 ""very few people remember sandra bullock starring on the short-lived cbs sitcom working girl which was based on the 1988 20th century fox film of the same title starring harrison ford , melanie griffith and sigourney weaver . very few remember bullock 's appearance in the 1991 film love potion #9. this film catapulted her to superstardom . she stars opposite keanu reeves and all hell breaks loose with both of them recklessly driving commercial buses . in the twelve years since this film debuted on the big screen , bullock relentlessly made films to this very day . also back in 1994 , hollywood had another megastar , jim carrey whose starring debut ace ventura-pet detective grossed over $5 million at the box office . unfortunately , speed 2 , released in 1997 , never acuumulated audiences as large as the ones who saw the first film""
 'good scale - could have been better designe for feet - fat measurement pretty close'
 'i loved this movie...it was a little hard to follow because of the commercial break timings in it . this did not make the movie any less great it just made the movie a little hard to follow because it kept repeating the intro . at the time that the commercial breaks should have been because of it being a tv show that was made into a movie'
 'fifteen years ago i purchased this book for the first time . today i am buying it as a gift for my son . i feel i am giving him the gift of life all over again . even though i raised all my children with vitamin c added to their diets , he seems to have fallen off the & quot ; juice&quot ; wagon ! linus pauling was not only brilliant but clear and concise . i only wish i had known he published a book on quantum mechanics a long time ago . i shall purchase that too at last and maybe i shall have an inkling of what it is all about'
 'i found this product after reading a review of it on hairboutique.com . the length of my hair seemed to have reached a plateau just below my shoulders and after year seemed to have grown no longer . i decided to try this product to see if it worked . as hair growth is normally clocked at an 1 / 8 of an inch per month , i decided to monitor the results in my own little "" clinical test . "" this was actually pretty easy because i colour my hair so i \'d easily be able to see how much growth there was each month . i ordered a box of viviscal for which i paid $49 for ( average price on the web ) and the was set to take the first pill the following morning ( the box recommends 2 per day ) . i coloured my hair the night before so that in one month i \'d be able to accurately measure how much growth there had been by looking at the growth since the colouring . results : i did n\'t really notice anything until around the 2 week time frame . i noticed my nails were growing very fast / very long . i have weak nails that split easily and they barely seem to grow at all . it was very noticeable because i use the computer all day and the nail growth was causing my fingers to constantly slip on the keyboard . never having great nails , i was pretty happy to see this . my curiosity was also getting the better of me as i could see the roots of my hair pretty clearly which was unusual at 2 weeks after coloring . i took the tape measure and measured almost 1 / 4 of an inch in hair growth . this would mean 1 / 2 inch per month and 6 inches per year . i was pretty excited because although the numbers seemed small , it was twice the rate my hair normally grows . but i also noticed something else . my hair was becoming unusually greasy . because i have very dry hair , i normally only wash it 2-3 times a week . but every other day it seemed much more greasy than normal . hmmm. well , at the 1 month time frame i measured my hair growth and it was exactly 3 / 4 of an inch . not only that but i was constantly trimming my nails at this point . i was totally ecstatic . but also by this point , i was washing my hair every day - it was no longer dry and brittle , it was much softer , but there was no way i could miss a day of washing it or it would be greasy . so - the conclusions i have reached from my test was this : 1. yes , viviscal works . it caused my hair growth to be stimulated at over twice the speed . 2. viviscal also makes your nails much stronger and grow much faster . 3. viviscal makes your hair greasy , causing you to have to wash it every day - and then it \'s fine . it did not cause any extra hair growth anywhere else , which i thought a bit strange ( though good ! ! ! ) . i recommend this product'
 'i inhaled this cd . after all the hype and hyper blowin \' up about this dance / punk / rock genius , i finally broke down and bought it . not that i was old enough to get into the discos in the mid 70\'s -early / mid 80 \'s ( i was still in elementary school , then middle school ) , but i remember ( and still love ) the groups that influenced this disc...the buzzcocks , heaven 17 , pil , blondie...hell even the rolling stones "" some girls "" album . and yes , i have to say ( after finding "" death disco-songs under the dance floor 1978-1984 "" cd and i \'m ordering it ) the old stuff is more fun . but for the hipsters who do n\'t know this is not original genre , it \'s pretty great . no , it \'s very great . the first song "" daft punk is playing at my house "" was fun , and both discs made it worth driving through snowy / sleety / frozen rain covered streets to work out at the gym these last couple weeks'
 'othello is a difficult production for me to watch at any time . seeing the horrors of jealousy run amuck to the destruction of innocence is painful at the best of times . in the instance of this production it is even more painful because it is so well done . the story of othello is that of a venetian general who marries a local daughter of a nobleman . the general happens to be black . in an effort to sabotage the general , iago undermines the faith of the husband for his wife leading ultimately to the tragedy of her death . while shakespeare gives motivations for his characters , interpretations and emphases tend to vary . kenneth brannagh \'s production of othello emphasies iago as a troublemake who likes to cause trouble simple for the sake of doing so . this production , with ian mckellan in the role of iago , puts more emphasis on his desire for revenge in reaction to a perceived slight . both are accurate portrayals but the former seems to show more delight in "" being bad "" wheras the latter seems more inclined to "" get even "" . both are excellent and accurate but the emphasis in this film makes the heaviness of the theme that much more difficult to endure . the role of desdemona is portrayed in this version by imogen stubb and she is a delight to watch . she bring an alluring innocence to the role that makes her demise all that much more tragic . so too is the title role played admirably . the problem with othello is that he is at heart and honorable man but lets his passions rule him and cause him to lash out with devatiging consequence . this is a fine performance all around with a difficult play . if you can keep your anger at the antics of the characters in check , it is well worth the time'
 'we have a "" closet shower "" , which made it difficult to get out of the way of the water spray ( not to mention having water spray out the door ) . we picked up this neat little shower head , and we \'re much happier now . you can avoid the water more easily ( for shaving , washing body , etc. ) , and since it aims straight down , no more turning the shower head all the way to the side to avoid it going right out the door . it \'s inexpensive , and has made our shower experience much better . i definitely recommend it'
 'i recently finished reading this book . this is really a great book and gave me some insight into my own behaviour . it would be fair to say that this book has great value to those who get through first 3 chapters and understand the theory behind rest of the book . some reviewers have written about the validity of the theory iteself . while i am not qualified to comment on these reviews , one thing i can definitely conclude is that this book provides a solid base to those who are trying to understand their own behaviour and trying to achieve improvements in it . a theory , that too developed quarter century ago , can not be expected to stand 100% vindicated today . the more importent question is what use you are trying to put it to . so may be for a psyciatrist this is not a great book but for a layman like myself this book explains most of the things . after reading this book i could find out why i behave the way i behave mostof the times . to a certain extent i learnt to control my responses . also i have a feeling that the claims made by dr. harris might be quite right in 1972 in light of the knowledge , then prevalent . second objection seems to be dividing 5 or 6 billion population in 4 types of people . i think this conclusion is far from correct . dr. harris has repeated said that most of the people belong to "" i am not ok and you are ok "" category . out of the remaining 3 cattttegories 2 are shared by people who have not had proper childhood and the fourth is achieved by enlightenment of an individual . the objective here is not to merely categorize , but to show that how most of us have the common position "" i am not ok and you are ok "" . now this should not be taken as a gross simplification of human nature , but as a fundamental problem in human psycology that prevents one from producing rational responses . third critisism on this book stems from the fact dr. harris seems to quote philosophers with whom he does not agree 100%. it seems ludicrous to suggest that one must agree 100% with somebody else to merely quote a subsection which both of them agree upon . i do n\'t think dr. harris wrote this book to declare to the world that he belongs to or believes in a certain academic thought 100%. the books surely derives from various thoughts put forward by various intellectuals ( with whom he does not agree 100% ) for the benefit of the reader . to call this approach pretentious is pretentious iteself . i feel that reader should not by biased by comments made by reviewers . read this book with an open mind . read the chapeters on pac and marriage , pac and children , pac and social implications , pac and moral values . in this world that is becoming more and more crooked every other day , it tries to teach something good ( and this good is not subjective or relative but absolute ) . thanks'
 ""this is a book meant to be enjoyed by children under the age of 10. young teens and adult readers will be disapointed . wish i never wasted the time of day reading it . glad it was borrowed from the library and not purchased or i 'd demand my money back""
 ""after waiting months for an order to be filled and then getting screwed by customer service / returns , i decided never to buy from amazon again . go to an electronics or camera store , you 'll get better service and the fresh air will do you good""
 'this is an expensive fanny pack , not impressed . to enough room for diapers etc'
 ""these songs are hacked up versons of rick 's music . i played it a couple of times until i got the library of original lps . the lps are better . at least they carry full versions of songs . i pass on rick and this package . rca cheats people out of good music. .""
 ""this has a run down of the colts season from game one to the super bowl.thats it.do not expect the super bowl without commercials and edited down because thats not what this is.very disappointing.the afc championship game of the week is just a post game show.i would have loved to see at least the 2nd half of that game.it was better then the super bowl.the only good things where the few extras with manning and harrison wired for sound.i hope there is a better one come'n cause this is not worth much""
 'no longer intended to be a comprehensive reference , the guinness book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that are n\'t even actual records ( "" most overrated celebrity "" ) . if you \'re going to do this , why not offer one edition that plays it by the book ? so dies a noble institution'
 'i have owned the caruso molecular steam hairsetter for at least the last 15 years and would not buy any other hairsetting product . it is gentle on the hair and gives a wonderful , soft , steamed curl , as opposed to harsh , electric hot curlers . i recently purchased the new "" smaller version "" , because my old one - with the larger water / heating unit , burned out after many years of use . the old one required more water and a bit of salt . it gave great steam , filling the rollers with a lot of steam , thus giving a better curl to the hair . this newer version does not require salt , uses very little water , and does not have the steam making power the older version did . i am very dissappointed in this "" newly designed "" product . i have packed it away , and will use it only as a back up . i hate it when you use a product for many years and find they have upgraded , improved , or discontinued the product . sometimes , it is best to leave well enough alone . i will purchasing one of the older hairsetters on ebay'
 ""i used to have some remington shaver that a friend bought me for the last 5 yrs . it was n't bad , but sometimes it irritated the skin . my first shaver was my dad 's old school norelco shaver so i thought i 'd give them a try again . the first one i got from amazon was $40 ( i forgot the model # ) and ended up sending it back to norelco for their 60 day guarantee . it was just alright . this one i feel about the same way . i mean it shaves decently , but as an asian male with not much facial hair , i still see that i have to shave every couple days which i prefer not to . the cleaning system is cool , and the fact that this shaver is so easy to clean ( it says you can open it up and run it under water which i 've been doing to clean it ) make it worthwhile to me though . the battery life is also good . if there was a half star system , i 'd give this shaver a 4.5 / 5""
 ""we went to a book siging to get this book . truthfully , i was n't sure if the book was going to live up to the hype . t.o. graciously signed books and all proceeds went to charity . i was surprised this book was so well written . my four year old wants me to read it over and over again . he does n't like for me to read to him but he loves this book ! it is the perfect book for children . its not too short but not too long . i have read this book at least 10 times in the past 3 days . i would recommend this book to anyone with small children . it is great book for little boys because of the football theme . however , the lesson is something everyone can appreciate . great book""
 ""first of all , i did not exactly ' read ' this biography . instead i purchased the cd version which i distilled via my car sound system every morning on my way to work ( i have enjoyed countless biographies of great american figures this way , and still been able to read many more technology related books ) . i had great expectations from this book , having recently enjoyed three biographies of lincoln . i have to confess that i was sorely disapointed . i found the research of mr mccullough to lack the kind of details that i have enjoyed in biographies from walter isaacson , richard carwardine , or doris goodwin . i do not seek a beautiful story in a biography , but rather a reliable source of facts that i can use to form my own opinion of a character . in this context , i find mr mccullough 's use of superlatives or long emotionally charged sentences to be a distraction from the subject matter of john adams and his contribution to america . i also enjoy direct quotes from letters , speaches , autobiographies , as they help me refine my impressions of the context ( the period , the relationships to contemporary characters , ... ) surounding a promonent figure . usage of the english language in politics has dramatically evolved since mr adams ' time , and i missed ' hearing ' the voice of john adams . instead , this biography felt like reading a translation where the personality of the translator overshadows the personality of the original author . finally , having read other biographies of the founding fathers , i was disapointed to find so little about the complex relationship between adams and franklin . all in all , my lasting impression is that mr mccullough did a great job at bringing john adams and the early american revolution to the masses through a very appealling product that may however leave readers asking for more historical details and less emotional opinions . had i known that , i might have passed on this biography and instead explore mr mccullough 's fictional work""
 'i \'ve purchased seven items from amazon in 2005 , so i \'m not a complete rookie . this item \'s ad title includes the word "" battery "" in big , bold letters . i purchased this kit advertised with a "" used price "" , but "" condition : new "" . the ad picture clearly shows a battery . i had looked at several ads and did not read the individual seller \'s comment "" battery missing "" in uppercase , though in regular font . to me , a missing part warrants more of a warning than a "" comment "" . that \'s my "" lesson learned "" , but i still find it confusing to advertise both complete and incomplete kits together under identical ad titles without a prominently displayed warning in big , bold text indicating that the most valuable part is missing . lesson learned : read the whole ad for the specific seller , especially the "" seller \'s comments ""'
 'i loved "" come away with me "" the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n\'t have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album "" feels like home "" which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n\'t try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n\'t listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better'
 ""i was skeptical about buying this at first , but after seeing it in allure , and reading the various reviews on amazon , i decided to try it . i have to say , i was pleasantly surprised ; it does what it says . it wo n't work on cyctic acne or if the pimple has already come to a head . it does work on pimples that are just beginning. . those hard , tender knots deep under your skin you just know are going to be huge in a day or two . i 've used it on two pimples that were red bumps , and both were mostly gone within 24 hours . completely gone in less than 3 days . usually it would have taken 7-10 days for them to go away , and it would have been ugly""
 ""if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding""
 ""this is by far the most basic editing / creative package that i have ever used . i have been using every version of print shop since some of their early versions . i have print shop 22 and was haveing issues with printing in ms vista . i figured that i would be able to purchase one of broderbund 's similar products ( one made for vista ) and it would be similar in style and usage . wrong . i was not able to import other print shop projects , printing is limited , no drag and drop feature from other programs , limited editing , formating of text is off when copying from one document to another , sizing pictures and text boxes while editing projects is limited to dragging corners only , and on-and-on . i tried to use broderbund 's tech support page , but it is very limited to their faq section . try asking a question or emailing for help ; good luck . i will fumble with this product for awhile ( only because i can print more than one page at a time , because ps 22 in vista only allows for this ) and wait until the next compatible version of ps comes out for windows vista . i would have thought there would of at least been a patch by now . i think they may have made zoom the way it is now to allow for newer , better versions . i hope this helps.. .""
 'this was for a friend and i have no feedbac'
 'i lost the weights the second day of use . bottom line the motion of the water as you swim unscrews the weights from the camera body . save your money on this one .'
 'i was very disappointed with this film . the premise was really intriguing , with elvis switching places with an elvis impersonator who as we all know goes on to die at graceland leaving the real elvis to scratch out a living as - what else - an elvis "" impersonator . "" and now , at the end of the king \'s life , he \'s a semi-invalid in a nursing home being attacked by a killer zombie mummy . since it \'s texas , the mummy has a more than passing resemblance to stevie ray vaughn . and oh , yeah , jfk is also in this nursing home , having inexplicably been transformed into ozzie davis . how can you miss with a setup like this ? well , for starters by assuming the premise is so funny there \'s no real need to provide any additional comedy . the movie is flat , with very little humor . as other reviewers have noted , it moves at a glacial pace , even allowing for the protagonists being 80-somethings who do n\'t move like they used to . sure , the acting is several notches above the norm for a low budget film , but there \'s no point in making a comdey that is n\'t funny . nice try , but booooooooooring . not at all recommended .'
 ""this thing is a cheap piece of plastic , and for the same price you can get the larger , nice rock fountain that i have owned and know for a fact works well . i can hardly hear the sound of the rain over the whirring of the motor . it has a nice design in terms of look and it 's compact . i also enjoy the lights for ambiance . but for relaxation , this thing has brought me more grief in 3 days than it 's worth""
 'wow , i just viewed "" spun "" the other night and i thought this movie was outrageous . this is sort of a guilt-pleasure movie but you want to take shower afterwards . "" spun "" has an impressive cast of recognized actors . the film is , essentially , about a few days in the lives of a group of drug addicts . there is the cook ( mickey rourke , he truly makes this story worth watching ) , who makes the drug ( speed ) and sells it to spider mike ( john leguizamo ) , a dealer with a junkie girlfriend , cookie ( mena suvari , looking infinitely less attractive than she did in "" american beauty "" ) . one of his clients is ross ( jason schwartzman ) , who does a lot of favours for the cook and his girlfriend , nikki ( brittany murphy ) . i was surprised at how funny the film was at times . it does n\'t drown us in anti-drug messages , nor does it become one of those , equally tedious , drug films where you feel like the sober driver at a drunken party . the humour is dark , certainly , but funny nevertheless . a lot of it comes from a subplot about frisbee , patrick fugit , who is caught by a couple of tv policemen ( peter stormare and alexis arquette ) and is told he will be let off if he helps them get spider-mike . i will only say of the resulting sequence that he does it with all the subtlety of an undercover policeman with his badge stuck to his forehead . this is a film with a lot of energy , that seems , like its characters , not entirely sure where it is going , but determined to get there , and quickly . although i am sure it is boring to be surrounded by people on speed when you are sober , this film almost makes you feel like you are on speed too . the director , jonas ï¿½kerlund , has directed music videos in the past , and it shows in his impatient filming style , as he plays around with animation , speeded-up camerawork and such like . i \'m not recommending the film for its style though , although i am sure it is the best way this material could get to the screen . i am recommending it because i liked the main characters , which i think will stick in my head for much longer than the animated sex scenes or the split screens . i can imagine an entire film about the cook and nikki , or spider mike and cookie , or even just ross , who absentmindedly keeps leaving a girl handcuffed to his bed for hours / days . what makes "" spun "" better than those hypothetical films is that it puts the characters into their own little community , and we feel as if we are watching their everyday , speeded up , sleepless lives . simply amazing .'
 ""these 3 discs ( there is a limited edition 10 disc set which has obviously sold out ! ! ) are a continuation of live dead . if you have n't heard the dead live then start with this or live dead . you will realise why to many they were america 's greatest improvisational rock band . the playing , the interplay between the musicians - particularly garcia and lesh is staggering . and how about a big hand for bill kreutzman on drums""
 'in 1976 , my fair lady returned to broadway , in a revival touted as the "" 20th anniversary "" production . perhaps most famously , this particular revival was the first big professional splash of a young soprano called christine andreas.. . at long last , this much sought-after cast album gets its cd premiere . christine andreas is one of the best eliza \'s ever captured on disc , and ian richardson \'s performance as beleaguered tutor higgins is full of wit and humour . george rose ( in a tony-winning turn as eliza \'s dustman father ) is very enjoyable in his main numbers "" with a little bit of luck "" and "" get me to the church on time "" . jerry lanning also makes for a fine freddy , with the winsome "" on the street where you live "" . this recording also features the "" embassy waltz "" sequence , which was never included on the obc , and only featured as a bonus track on the reissue of the olc . the production itself heavily recreated the original production , complete with oliver smith \'s sets and cecil beaton \'s costumes . hanya holm \'s choreography was revived thanks to original dance captain crandall diehl . christine andreas picked up a theatre world award for her breakthrough performance . the show opened at the st. james theatre on march 25th 1976 , but later moved to the lunt-fontanne theatre where it closed the following year after 377 performances . the following year , andreas returned to broadway in another important revival , the 1978 production of "" oklahoma ! "" in which she made a thrilling laurey ( cast album available on rca ) ; before cememting her position as broadway \'s ingenue of choice , with the role of frankie frayne in the 1983 revival of "" on your toes "" ( cast album available on jay / ter ) . more recently , she played marguerite st. just , in the original company of frank wildhorn \'s flawed "" scarlet pimpernel "" ( cast album available on atlantic ) . i heartily recommend this particular my fair lady'
 ""this has already been expressed here in the reviews , but just as a reminder one more time.... . this dvd is not the original version . the original version has more material and is much better . hopefully someday they 'll release an unrated version the way it was on vhs at one time .""
 'ray sawyer ( rick cramer ) , agnes bruckner ( eden ) , laura ramsey ( rachel ) , jonathan jackson ( eric ) , and d.j. cotrana ( sean ) star in this scary and bloody slasher movie . eric and eden are going through any typical teen romance ; going steady one minute , broken up the next . eden works at a local truck stop as a waitress . one evening , ray pulls into the truck stop to get some food . known as the local nut case , ray has few friends and owns a filling station on the edge of town . later that same evening , ray comes upon eric and eden on a lonely bridge . swerving to miss eric \'s jeep , ray instead crashes into an on-coming car . the impact of the crash sends the car slamming through the guardrail of the bridge . the car is now teetering precariously on the side of the bridge . ray jumps from his truck and goes to the aid of the woman inside the car . after pulling her to safety , ray goes back inside to retrieve a suitcase that the woman told him about . however , both ray and the car tumble over the side of the bridge and into the water below . to make matters worse , the suitcase is full of poisonous snakes , who immediately begin striking at ray . all that can be heard are ray \'s screams as the car sinks . ray \'s body is pulled from the water and taken to the local morgue . but it does n\'t remain there for long . it seems that the woman in the car was a voodoo priestess , and the snakes were used to "" cleanse "" people by drawing the evil out of them . now , the evil venom is flowing through ray . now begins a bloodbath of carnage as ray , possessed by the power of the evil venom flowing through him , begins to stalk unsuspecting victims . one by one , he exacts his revenge on eden \'s friends until only eden remains . who will win this final showdown ; ray or eden ? i \'ve always been a big fan of slasher-type films , and characters like freddy from the "" nightmare on elm street "" series , as well as jason from "" friday the 13th "" . ray sawyer fits the mold of the typical slasher perfectly . the motives are the same ; kill as many teenagers as possible , and ray succeeds in this very well . i thought the story involving voodoo was well-conceived . the special effects were good , too . i recommend this movie to horror and slasher fans . although the movie is short ( only about 80 minutes ) , there \'s lots of slashing in a short amount of time . if you enjoy a good slasher flick , then do n\'t miss "" venom "" .'
 'i bought two of these for my son....hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night , without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident . this pad is definitely leakproof . the only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing....that is not the case . i have tried it with jersey sheets , and flannel sheets...but it does move alot and get bunched up . so , i do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night . if i had it to do over again , i would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps .'
 ""i really want to like thich nhat hanh 's books . i want to because people i respect like them , because i believe in the value of mindful living.. . but the truth is that i did n't find this book very helpful . i have real and continuing struggles with anger and this book while interesting in a round about way is , as others have mentioned , not directed toward the problem of anger . it is a mindful living remix . i 'm going to keep searching for a great tnh book and when i do i 'll recommend it . good hunting""
 ""this would be a great item except it is n't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right . our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us""
 'i have not yet used an fz30 or fz50 , but i think this thing beats the pants off an fz5 or fz10 as far as image quality is concerned . really nice camera . has a nice dslr type feel . 71% of people that check out the fz20 here actually end up buying the fz7 , ( as of today ) but i do not believe the iq of the fz7 could hold a candle to that of the fz20. buyers may be on the *more megapixel* bandwagon . you can do a lot with 5 megapixels . i have found that the iq of the fz20 is very close to that of a dslr'
 ""i purchused this for my daughter with vision then my vision impaired daughter used it while she was at home she loved it , so now i 'm buying her one for her new ap""
 ""the mia series are great for our family . the kids always look forward to playing their mia games . they have the math adventure and grandmas remedy . the two disc thing is confusing...but really does n't interrupt play . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because it can be a little glitchy sometimes...mia will get stuck somewhere and not respond . we just go back to a game saved in a similar spot and restart . so it 's not too big a deal .""
 'ageless body is deepak \'s attempt to neutralize the word "" old "" as in old age . the writer has a knack for making common words , like "" body , "" mind "" and "" self , "" into profound concepts . his technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies . but ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound . if you like poetry , deepak may be your read : "" the billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life ; ( p . 36 ) "" or try to interpret this one : "" the emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe ; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born . ( p.40 ) "" at times he attributes to cells and dna a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible . he would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "" intelligent design . "" he ca n\'t accept the growth of any cell , even a plant cell , without an intelligence involved . he mentions and attacks evolution only one time on p . 115 , asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random process . deepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms : intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself . whether your word game tosses in the word "" quantum "" or not does n\'t change much . what a solipsistic thought ; what a solipsistic world . i wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness deepak speaks of would n\'t , after awhile , go insane'
 'this is a nice item to add to a collection of d&d trinkets , but in no way is good . it is lacking in story and acting . a lot of the scenes were pleasant , but i was never "" compelled "" by the story . i would only recommend this to a hard core collector or a funny break from your current game. .'
 'the first time i read this book was at the age of 13. my mother had an old , worn , 1950s copy of the book on our bookshelf , and one day i just decided to give it a try . i think the first 50 pages were a bit of a mystery to me . i remember struggling with the language at the beginning , and having to look up several words in the dictionary . after 100 pages , i had finally "" learnt the language , "" and managed to at last translate it into my native tongue . i enjoyed it , and over the years i returned to it again and again . now , at the age of 35 , i practically have numerous passages memorized , and reading the book is no longer a culture shock . every word of this novel is an old friend , and i would n\'t remove a single one from the text . this is the book i turn to when i \'m in the mood to read , but not in the mood to read something new . every time i read it , i am struck by its relevance . i do n\'t mean the morals or the need to marry well in order to win approval from society ( although i think we still see a little of that to this day ) . i refer to the characters . their personalities and basic code of principals are timeless . i can identify with every single character in this novel . when lizzy and mr. darcy fell in love , their courtship could have taken place anywhere and at any point in time . that is why her novels are so well adapted into modern films . you cannot possibly do wrong by reading this novel'
 'i \'ve had one of these little trimmers for four or five years now . it does its jobs , and i \'ve have no reliability problems at all . one word of advice - - do n\'t use it on "" the boys "" without the little plastic guard or you \'ll be sorry. .'
 ""i really wanted to like this product after reading all their hype about how quick and easy it is . not . the motor in it heats up quickly and the thing stops working . you wait about 20 minutes for it to cool down and it will start up again . but by the time you are getting results in one area of your foot , the thing heats up and stops working again . i went through four intervals of effective operation , heat build-up causing it to quit , waiting a long time for it cool off before starting up again . finally i decided it is n't worth the time and aggravation , even though it produced good results during the intermittent periods when it worked . one more thing - - when i gave up and decided to return it , i took my duracell batteries out and they were blazingly hot . i worry that it might be possible for the batteries to explode from the hot-running motor . i 've never seen batteries get scalding hot like this . update : found something much better after returninng the artemis , i tried the medicool pedisenso professional pedicure appliance . this one costs 5 times the price of the artemis but is soooo much better it is well worth it . the medicool is plug-in electric and has much more power than the battery operated artemis . it has variable speeds , 5 different sapphire filing attachments , and enough power to operate as long as you need . the sapphire files are different shapes and sizes and should last a lifetime , whereas the artemis requires repeated purchases of its disposable filing heads and batteries . so over time the costs of owning the artemis will add up - - if the overly hot motor does not burn out . if you have serious callouses and corns , like i do , the medicool pedisenso will do a very serious , rewarding job . i 'm so glad i found it and i am grateful for the relief it provides""
 'seems a little much to pay for an "" extension cord "" but upon receipt i see it is of very high quality and nice build on the connectors . plus , its a brand item from canon , so what can you do'
 'i first heard about this product in a bad review of a different software product for converting lps to cds . after a little research , i decided to try this product of the many that are out there . this software is not expensive and for me , it does what i expected it to do . it is easy to set up and use , and i am using it with an audio-technica pl120 turntable . the first lp i converted was stevie wonder \'s innervisions , and with this album in particular , the songs run together , i.e. there is no separation between the tracks . this software allowed me to create fairly accurate tracks so i could access individual songs . i also cleaned up some background noise with the "" one click "" noise reduction , and the music from this old album sounds great . this is my first software for this purpose so unfortunately i cannot compare it to others . what i can tell you is that it is inexpensive , easy to use , and it does what it says it will do'
 'i made my order 5 / 26 / 06 and received my order 7 / 22 / 0'
 ""i am proud of the fact that i hold two degrees like many women . do i work ? no . i have chosen a different path . i have no children , married later in life , and gave up a wonderful job of two decades to care for my ill husband . do i feel that i have no confidence nor respect ? no . and from whom or what is this respect supposed to come from ? caring for your family has nothing to do with any of this . i admire women who stay home to care for their families . when you have love , who gives a hoot what anyone else thinks . personally , i find this book a little depressing , and i wo n't read it""
 ""i usually do n't do album reviews but i gotta say this was tight from beginning to end and i was shook that this was given a low reading by a magazine i call & quot ; the sauce&quot ; so many of yall need to stop reading magazine ratings and come to sites likes this and read your own peers ratings . word of mouth is bliss . a-g-2-a-ke who came out on rap-a-lot has n't come out with a cd since this classic . i 'm salty they did n't & quot ; make it&quot ; because this was heavily slept on""
 'for anyone on the fence about these , jump over to my side ; ) my ( then ) 2 year old had gotten a hold of my husband \'s permanent black marker . we just bought a brand new refrigerator . i turned my back for a few moments , and when i looked back , she had scribbled *all over* my new fridge . i tried bleach , soap , scrubby sponges.. . nothing worked . my first new appliance was ruined ! on a whim i bought this . ( could n\'t hurt , right ? ) it got it off immediately ! ( i had to press a little bit to get it out of the grooves . ) i was so excited , i started running around my house trying to find things to scrub.. . i know that it removes shoe scuffs with ease , markers or crayons from walls , and a multitude of other "" sins "" your children may commit against your home .'
 'i found this software very difficult to use . it does not have any "" stop "" or "" go back "" button . the only way to exit an activity is to hit "" esc "" button to exit the program and then start all over . when starting over , there is a very lengthy annimated introduction you have to go over each time and i could not find a way to skip it'
 ""i do n't know if it makes your hair shiny or not ( i never noticed increased shine ) however , i do think it does it does a nice job . it worked better when my hair was around shoulder length , but it puts a nice curl in your hair and as long as it 's not too humid out , it stays in . now that my hair is down to my waist , it does n't hold curl anymore . just a little on the ends and if it 's even a little humid , forget it . the main thing that bothers me about this set is the clips that hold the rollers in . i do n't know what they were thinking , but they really suck . they pull on your hair a little while they 're holding the roller in and make you look an awful lot like madusa . anyone who happens to see you will most certainly have a few jokes and laughs""
 'i have read all of the karen rose books and i continue to love every one of them . the other reviews go into great depth explaining the plot so i won\'t . the best review i can give an author is when i can honestly say "" i ca n\'t put it down ! "" when i fall asleep at work due to reading all night i can tell you it was a karen rose book . "" nothing to fear "" did not diappoint me yet thrilled me with more suspense and visual images than most of karens books . i honestly can say that i wish she wrote 10 times faster so i would n\'t have to wait so long for another book to get published . when i meet a friend or stranger reading romance i ca n\'t help but recommend a karen rose book . this is my latest favorite of hers . keep writing karen !'
 ""i 've used the ati all-in-wonder remote with a make-shift media center solution before and it 's been sluggish , and sometimes non-responsive . not so for the firefly . quick , responsive and adaptive . i also tried the cyberlink media remote . not even suitable to prop-up a bird-food tray . you 'll find cyberlink 's tech support is positively absurd . their primary focus is to ask you tons of questions till you run out of patience , or till they find an excuse to tell you they ca n't help you . the firefly really rocks . controls several programs and tools and even provides a mouse interface incase you ca n't get things just right with the application and pre-defined buttons . if you have a pc and want media-center performance on it - i 'd recommend this guy . sadly the data is rf for this remote ; not ir . i was hoping to ' absorb ' all the functions of this remote into my harmony 688 but they do n't talk the same . i think snapstream offers another product to talk ir for the same purposes , but i 'm not there yet . still getting my sea-legs with the firefly 's abilities .""
 'i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so "" out there "" that when you first hear one of their cd\'s ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n\'t like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we \'ve got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n\'t have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 \'s kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country \'s kind of cool , too . and dracula \'s got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it \'s really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n\'t really that good . i do n\'t know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n\'t have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band .'
 'i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run'
 ""what if you 're a runaway secret agent , really , really , really tired of the war . then some geek tells you he 's found a genuine martian artifact leading to a spaceship . what would you do ? annoyingly , as you set out to recover the spaceship , there 's just a little bit of sabotage . and there 's the war , still . and then there 's the spaceship . and you uncover something of why the martians have abandoned space as you know it . it 's takeshi . taking the lead . uncovering a big secret . trying to find a way out of war , only to discover there 's been little change since the martians left . no change , really . there 's still a war. .""
 ""this film has some good actors in it but the plot is pretty shaky and hard to follow at times . it is not comparable to other great westerns made during the sixties . eli wallach is good but confusing- -who and what is he after ? the color is good and it sounds like a sergo leone picure but it isn't . what a shame ! ! ! it could have been made better- -less comedy and more plot and of course - -action and suspense ! ! ! ! buy or rent on your own if you dare- -- -i would n't""
 ""nizoral anti-dandruff shampoo seems to be a very good product . i noticed a difference the first time i used it - - there was no residue on my scalp , and my flakiness was greatly reduced . it produced a very rich lather , also . the only thing i did n't like about it was the possibility that i 'd have an allergic reaction to the ingredients , but the instructions did n't tell which ingredients might make this happen . i , myself , am sensitive to many products , and did n't have any reaction to the ingredients of the shampoo . i would recommend this product to others""
 'i love this band and have all the rest of their cds'
 ""most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one""
 ""mississippi and sugar baby are great songs , up there with the best dylan has done . however , the rest of the album , while listenable , is n't all that memorable . still , i suppose it 's amazing that he can still produce a couple of great songs still , after over 40 years performing and recording . the same cannot be said for ' 60s peers like paul mccartney or the stones . overall , time out of mind was better , although that too was a little overrated , with only not dark yet , standing in the doorway and trying to get to heaven truly belonging to the canon of great bob songs .""
 'i recently moved into the prosumer level of digital . the canon d30 has proven to be an awesome camera . there maybe better ( d60 ) , but if you are serious about digital , the d30 has to be one of the best cameras for the price . there is a slight lag between shots , but if you are not photographing speeding bullets and express trains , the time between shots is hardly a distraction'
 ""the animation ... excellent . the characters ... excellent . the premise ... excellent . laugh lines ... plenty of them and well executed . this is a movie you will say was worth spending your money on . the problem is ... as adults you will understand the movie is about putting the past to rest so you are free to enjoy your now and your future . for kids , they do n't see a lesson in putting your past to rest , they see - if you do n't like something - put it to rest ... as is r.i.p. - dead ! after the crotchety old man ( does n't every haunted house need one to heighten the tension ) identifies the haunting is related to someone he knows ... there is far too personal a vendetta to finish them off ( again ) . also shame on the producers of this movie.. . a kids movie ... there is far too much irresponsible adult behaviour ( babysitter getting it on with boyfriend , boyfriend getting drunk and threatening the kids , etc ) - - it is just not necessary to tell this story . i would n't let any relative of mine , under 14 , see this otherwise excellent flick""
 'for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended'
 'all i needed was to upgrade the hard drive on my dell laptop , so i got acronis true image version 9 for half the price of the current version 10. i put the new hard drive ( right off the sealed box ) into a usb caddy that i got on ebay for $6 , plugged it into the usb port , and ran acronis 9. selected the "" clone drive "" wizard , and less than an hour later it was done . no need to cross my fingers.. . the new drive booted right up , and i \'m using it now to write this review . what could be easier'
 ""lou reed rocks ! ! ! dude ! ! but methinks this collection dost not . the tunes are all good , but there are n't very many of them , and the sound is deplorable , in that inimitable rca-first-cd-edition sort of way ( fans of the jefferson airplane and harry nilsson know what i 'm talking about ) . a much better jumping off point would be & quot ; different times : lou reed in the 70's &quot ; , or , even better , check out & quot ; transformer&quot ; or & quot ; rock ' n ' roll animal&quot ;""
 'i have used quickbooks basic for a number of years both in my church and for my business . i have kept qb 2004 basic since the upgrades were not immediately necessary for me . i chose to upgrade this year to keep current on maintenance , etc. so again i chose the most basic product offered - "" simple start "" . i received it just fine and it installed perfectly . however , it does not upgrade any previous qb files . as i investigated , intuit says that it wo n\'t upgrade files from previous qb versions on their web site ( albeit in small print ) and on the product box itself , but that was not ever mentioned in the amazon listing . so then i had to upgrade to the next higher version - an additional $80. qb pro also works very well ; it \'s just a shame that intuit insists on misleading customers by not providing full information through all marketing channels . the intuit phone rep also tried to overcharge me $20 for the upgrade but quickly accepted the correct amount when i pointed out their error a second time .'
 ""for a plot synopsis please read the amazon review . i wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film . as a longtime fan of both sam raimi ( of the evil dead series ) and bill paxton ( aliens , twister ) , i went to see this on opening night . not many people can claim this i 'm sure because it was and is , such a small film that received next to no marketing . for shame . this film is in the best tradition of modern film noir including blood simple and fargo , both made by the cohen brothers . film buffs will be able to draw the connections to those films and their filmakers , so i wo n't bother to get into that . should you have seen either of these films and enjoyed them , i suggest you stop reading and immediately rent a simple plan . if not , keep reading and i will try to express why this film is so remarkably brilliant . and why i hope you will take a look at it . a simple plan is , at its core , about four people . and underneath all the plot devices and twists , it 's about how they relate to one another . notice i did't say characters , because this film does n't have actors simply delivering dialogue . it 's about people you get to know , understand and sympathise with as they undergo the most brutal of dilemmas . sure , finding a mysterious bag filled with money is an excellent plot device , but the heart of this film is much simpler than that . it 's about the basic human flaw of committing a criminal act and trying to weasel your way out of it . and being forced to do the most unthinkable things in the process . that 's what gives this film such depth . you watch these people try to figure out how to cover every angle so they can get away with stealing a whole lot of cash . and in the end it falls apart for two reasons : the details and the human factor . they say the devil is in the details and this is never truer than with a crime . as for the human factor , where greed is concerned , people cannot trust one another because they fear the other person 's greed while are unable satisfy their own . in many respects this film is almost an homage to blood simple and fargo , but in many ways i think it is superior . i often draw the comparison by a scene which is both a simple plan and blood simple where a body is increasingly difficult to dispose of . and even afterwards , after the emotional toll the has been taken , once one evil act is committed , another is sure to follow . it 's so painfully facsinating to watch a person work out their problem on camera , frantically going over the details in their mind , all the while their heart is beating a mile a minute . bill paxton does this better than anyone . he is such a likable man ( both in the film and in life ) that you ca n't help but feel sorry for the mess he has created . his entire performance is a balancing act between getting away with a seemingly harmless crime , keeping his partners at bay and their mouths shut while being prodded along by his conspirator wife . that may make them all sound malicious , but really the opposite is actually true . they 're all normal folks , like we 've all seen a hundred times . and in the end it really gets to you because you can imagine how you would react in the same situations they find themselves in . after all , were you faced with the choice to steal a couple million dollars that no one would miss , what would you do ? but then again , nothing is ever that simple""
 'this product link needs to be corrected , as the battery contained in the kit is not the same battery which is used in the dcr-dvd7. do not purchase this accesory kit if you intend to use it for the dcr-dvd7 camera .'
 ""i bought this lamp because it says it doesnt give off any glare and is easy on the eyes for reading , doing crafts , sewing.......... . well it doesnt giove off much light either ! ! ! ! so you need another source of light in your work area also........ . i didnt think it would fill up the room with beautiful natural light but c'mon.........all in all its an overpriced night light ! !""
 ""if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available .""
 'bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . "" h "" , "" touchdown "" , "" grand piano cannyon "" . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including "" x "" - do n\'t meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on "" tournabout "" - but then the song falls back again to old routine . "" screenplay "" is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n\'t get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please'
 'when i got a new computer at the end of 2001 , the 2002 edition was installed on my computer by gateway . although i never used streets and trips ( and barely used encarta ) , i used word and picture it ! quite heavily . well , my hard drive died a few weeks ago , and i had to get a new computer . i bought microsoft works suite 2006 to go with it . i was a bit apprehensive because picture it ! was replaced with microsoft digital image standard 2006 editor . it took me a while to get fluent in picture it ! , and the idea of learning a new photo system was daunting . ( i write mostly for the web , and use pictures to accompany my reviews and articles- -as well as for ebooks . ) i have n\'t done any extensive work with it yet , but it appears easy to use if you have experience with picture it ! if you \'ve never used any image program before , it may be a bit confusing . ( i feel that picture it ! was more self-explanatory . ) however , for all that the works suite gives you , i feel it \'s a good buy . word 2002 has advantages over the older version ( for example , you can easily insert images ) , and encarta may be helpful for kids doing homework ( or curious adults wanting to learn more about something ) . updating encarta is easy as clicking a mouse : just open up the program and click "" update encarta "" . new articles and updates will automatically be added to your computer . although i *still* do n\'t use streets and trips ( i go to mapquest reflexively ) , i still think this is a great suite for a great price'
 'you truly get what you pay for . what more can i say'
 ""i did not think , that the women juliet lewis , plays in this movie was mentally retatrted , i think she just has a disablity.\\ i hate that lable , if someone can walk and talk , and learn . i do n't think so .""
 ""i 'm sure it 's a good product for beginners , but i already had an older version of quickbooks ( from 1995 ) and the only way i could export / import the old data into a newer version of quickbooks was with qb pro . simple start does n't allow you to import data from older versions""
 'this book reads like a horror novel . by allowing her dogs ( as well as another one in her care ) to roam freely throughout an urban area crisscrossed by busy roads , the author demonstrates her utter disregard for the animals \' welfare . not to mention the antisocial attitude she displays with her total inconsideration for her neighbors , and for the countless strangers kind enough to phone when her lost dogs seek refuge on their doorsteps . oh , and let \'s not forget the dozens of shelter dogs killed because their potential adoptive homes were filled by the plethora of puppies spawned by the author \'s choice not to spay and neuter her animals . this book moves at a peppy pace , and might have been interesting ( albeit morally reprehensible ) if the author \'s "" observations "" actually provided any insight . but those eighteen-wheelers on the alewife parkway veered closer to poor misha than the author \'s whimsical interpretations stray within range of scientific evidence . case in point : she is so clueless about the reality of canine behavior that she inadvertently allows one of her dogs to kill another one \'s litter of puppies . oops ! any genuine dog lover ( or any human with an ounce of compassion and common sense ) will despise this book . a previous reviewer hit the nail on the head : if "" feelings "" are your road map to life , you might enjoy this book . if you regularly take your brain out for walk , forget it . calling this a meaningful book about dogs is like calling "" jonathan livingston seagull "" the definitive text on marine fowl'
 'informatively , i have mason \'s dvd \'s , which i quite enjoy . however , this cd , labelled , "" brand new , "" contains many repeats and situations . in fact , at times i was ahead of jackie mason , mouthing word for word the joke and situation he was leading up to me . mason spoke as if he was rushing to meet a deadline , to the extent that much of the cd sounded like gibberish . for most of this cd i sat stone faced and suspected that perhaps the applause and clapping of hands were canned . mason , in my opinion , went overboard in his use of obscenities , loudly and in his asides , seemingly contrived for shock value . as for me , i think that this mislabelled , "" brand new , "" cd was a flop , and i would not care to have it in my collection for fear of the impression i would leave after my demise . so , another item destined for my shredder . finally , i would recommend the mason dvd \'s , which i would have preferred with a slower delivery and less obscenities that add little to his performance . robert lyons reno , nevad'
 'this one is a product of bad quality , the cap of the batteries to a few days i damage enough of light is needed in order that the sign meets slightly clear , product of bad quality i do not recommend it to him ( you , them ) and for quality the price must be low'
 'golijov \'s music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own "" enlightened "" weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks \' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank .'
 'this is a great product . a friend told me about it . i finally decided to get one . i had bleeding gums . in two weeks of regular use , bleeding has stopped and i can see that my teeth is getting whiter and and my gums are great . just be careful when using the water jet side . you must turn it on with the flossing part in your mouth , or it will spray all over the place :'
 ""i purchased the book with the intention of teaching myself all the core material in it . the material offers readers a limited number of examples per chapter per section . while these examples may sometimes make you wish for added detail , ultimately there is enough explanation to pull the reader through . be sure you understand the previous chapter before moving onto the next or you will most likely get lost . in the end i was very satisfied with my order . listen to me...if your at least decent in math you 'll do just fine following this algebra 2 textbook""
 'predator is arnold s best movie from the 80s , followed by the t1 and conan the barbarian on the third place . there is an exclusive edition to be released in 2007 / sept 1 / in uk that will have a replica of predator s head in mask , something simmilar to the alien deluxe head box quadrilogy edition , it will cost about usd200 , - . check it out on amazon.co.u'
 'after a quick internet search i found many reviews on amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local barnes & noble that same night . dr. whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions ! in my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors . we have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers . however , if at home you are on dr. whitley \'s 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front . although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of "" mr. rogers "" in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents . of course , that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he / she is capable of "" frightening "" resistance . obviously , professional help with someone in-tuned with dr. whitley \'s methods would be more advisable than his book ! to me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders . these kids still have some moldability and are n\'t as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem ( i.e. depression ) . for the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author ; 0 )'
 'its a pretty good mix , good song choices , its mostly a harder mix , thought it could be smoother flowing though , but all in all its pretty good , also thought the robot walk to the party deal woulda made a better begining , it was a lot of down time during the middle of the cd , but hey people gotta switch it up now and then , like the last 3 / 4s better.. .'
 'inspirational , insightful , funny . answers the age old question , "" but i \'m just one person ; can i really make a difference ? ""'
 'why are the newer products getting slower by the version . i still love version 5. it does not forever to open up in a web browser. . update : i have been using version 7 now for several months. . i am glad to say that i am now a lot happier . granted it still uses a lot of memory . however , the new features that it has compared to version 5 , makes the upgrade worthwhile . however , watch out. . there are several features that adobe took out from the standard version and only has on the pro version. .'
 'how can you rate something that has n\'t been released ? especially since lionsgate ruined season 5 by releasing the shortened syndicated versions while still writing on the box "" the complete 5th season "" . debbie harry is credited on the box while her scene was omitted . this along with many others.. . they completely ruined the boxed set by issuing shortened , crappy syndicated episodes . this is coming from a huge w&g fan , or should i say k&j fan'
 ""as a fan of pete seeger 's music , i bought this cd in the hope that the family connection would ensure similar quality of the music . disappointingly , i 've found this album really grates on me after a couple of songs . peggy 's vocal style in particular becomes mighty annoying to listen to over the length of the album , as her delivery can best be described as a neo-hillbilly twang . i may end up combining the best half-dozen songs from this album with some other folk albums to generate a listenable & quot ; best-of&quot ; set , but i 'd find it unthinkable to listen to this entire set in one sitting . only devoted fans of the genre or the duo should invest in this set ; more casual fans of folk should direct their dollars to any of pete 's fine albums such as the carnegie hall classic""
 'i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program .'
 ""i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer , 24 episodes of absolute delight await you""
 ""this replacement battery is half the cost of canon 's yet offers longer life . i bought it when i first got my sd10. when one battery runs out , the spare goes in . the lenmar still works great while the canon is near end life ! i am buying two more since they are so cheap ! do not buy no name batteries on ebay . they do not last worth a darn and are basically a waste of money ! do n't do it. .""
 ""i bought this as a trial product , because the other stuff that i bought did n't work as what they advertise it . but this dusters picks up the dust instead of pushing to another place . this refills is quite cheap and it make my cleaning job much easier""
 'we have used this book as a text for discrete math courses in our undergraduate computing engineering and systems program ( university of los andes , colombia ) . there are a lot of advantages using this approach instead of the classical one ( e.g. , people really learn to prove and learn to write correct proofs ) . however , to grasp these ideas you have to be patient and open minded . when other reviewers give 1 star to the book it is clear for me that perhaps they were expecting something magical that did not occur . this presentation of logic and its applications to informatics provides an excellent way to learn and really use the knowledge in the praxis . in chapter 8 you go seamlessly from propositional to higher order logic . sums and logical quantifications are , for example , treated in an uniform way . maybe the type concept is not so fine explained , but one has to remember that this is an introductory book . 5 stars , of course'
 'i had used some third party batteries with 15 minute charger , that used to die for 10 photoes or so . this canon one seems to realllly laaast looong.. .'
 'i bought this gadget with the intent of monitoring my daily steps to get an idea of where i was currently to establish some sort of baseline so that i could get a reality check on my activity levels . i opened the box , read the easy directions , set up my personal step measurement ( just measure off the distance of your 10 steps ) , and clipped it on my pants and forgot about it for the day . i was surprised to find out that a corpse could probably move around more during the day than me ! over the next 6 days , ( this pedometer keeps track of 7 days of steps for you ) ; i literally stepped up my game and went from 756 steps with no aerobic exercise on day 1 , to 7 , 880 steps with 30 minutes of nonstop aerobic exercise on day 3 ! every day has been getting easier to achieve the 10 , 000 "" normal "" steps , and increasing the aerobic steps too ( which are tracked separately ) . i can press the mode button , check out how many miles my steps translate to , kilocalories burned , aerobic steps , and compare it with the past 7 days as well . it has turned out to be even more fun than what i originally bought it for . i actually feel better , and the fun part is that i am trying to beat my own personal record from the previous day ! this has been an eye-opening experience for me , and i keep this on or in my pocket all the time now , just to make sure i keep a mindful eye on my steps and aerobic activity for the day'
 'this guy is amazing . i keep playing this for people and they love it and tell me they have never heard anything like it . i even got a huge discount at the auto shop for just having this cd . after the mechanic took my car from the parking lot and listened to one minute of this , he came in and said "" that sounds crazy ! you have to let me copy this "" after getting a nice chunk of cash taken off my bill , this cd already paid for itself and never collects dust . i know everyone compares clark to aphex twin , boards of canada , and autechre , but for good intentions . he is already that good , after just a few releases'
 ""this album is the shyit , cougnut and c-fresh deliver , the only problem you might have with this album is figuring out which one is cougnut and which one is c-fresh , but as you listen you will tell differences . & quot ; back in the days&quot ; is real old album , so audio can be bad for a couple of the tracks but there isnt a weak track on this album . the beats do n't get too bass heavy untill & quot ; hillary&quot ; after that song the next 4 tracks or so are very bass heavy , but the flows are tops . these guys are the definition of gangsta , and is a must for anybody who likes gangsta rap . all guests are sick to , dre dog , cellski , chewy , r.b.l , 2.2 and mack and al kapone . definetly a classic""
 'this was the break through record for pink floyd that would place them in the super-league . the strength of the record lies in the song writing that is simple yet engaging and dave gilmore \'s guitar playing and voice is superb . production wise this is well polished and the presence of the sax and backing vocalists just give it that little extra commercial potential . overall the record works well as a whole yet i do feel \' money \' seems out of place . the problem with records like this that it is too easy to enjoy and all the sharp ends are neatly filed off and well packaged for your consumption . now do n\'t get me wrong i think this is a magnificent record but is it really pink floyd \'s greatest album , i tend to think not . is it the greatest record of all time ? most certainly not . because a records sells 35 million copies does not make it automatically great . because everybody and their grandmother thinks it \'s great , does not necessarily make it great . the problem with this record is that it sounds of its time , not that that \'s a bad thing , its just that it does not transcend time . the real indication of a great record is how many people it inspires to make records that sound like it . i ca n\'t think of many records that sound like this without sounding retrogressive . some records released at the same time : can \'s "" future days "" ( 1973 ) ; nue ! \' s "" 2 "" ( 1973 ) ; king crimson \'s "" larks \' tongues in aspic "" ( 1973 ) ; robert wyatt \'s "" rock bottom "" ( 1974 ) ; tangerine dream \'s "" phaedra "" ( 1974 ) are by far more influential and enduring than dark side . if you do n\'t own dark side then buy it because it is a very good record and deserves its five stars , but make sure you buy \' piper at the gates of dawn \' also . \' piper \' is floyds greatest , most influential and definitely one of the greatest of all time . besides , how many people who think \' dark side \' is floyd \'s best have actually heard \' piper\' .'
 ""i wo n't go into a long diatribe . suffice it to say that when i listened to this upon its release earlier this year , i was disappointed . i gave it a few more close listens and find that the musical quality is not great . this is more a photo of dylan as a free-spirit . there 's a point where baez messes up a song . ( i do n't have anything against baez . that being said , i do n't have much for her either . ) there 's joking and laughing , but really , i do n't need a double-disk of acoustic material that seems to be performed by someone who sounds like he 'd rather be in the audience than performing . you can almost sense why dylan went electric in this concert . the bootlegs prior to this are superior and i would suggest that if you are n't a die-hard dylan fan to stick with them . if you really like dylan 's acoustic work and not his electric stuff , you should be pleased with this double-disc . i love dylan , but not enough to enjoy this over and over again . i 'll go to disk one of the 4th bootleg for my acoustic fix""
 'kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album'
 'by the title i would be led to believe that there is more than one george story . there is one george and a few others , one of which scares my 2 1 / 2 year old . i thought the stories would be animated . however , some ( including george ) are pictures from a story book . we love to read books , but videos should be more than photos of a story book . would not recommend this'
 ""i was searching for a two inch curling iron for a while . i have had so -so dealings with gold n hot in the past so i was a little nervous but i purchased this one anyway . so far , so good . it 's surprisingly light ( at least compared to my one inch ceramic tools curling iron ) . i usually let my hair air dry and use my curling irons to straighten my hair as i curl the ends ( i 'm black with a relaxer . ) i have yet to do it with this one . although i might try b / c it gets really hot . ( i usually have it on around 20-25 out of 30 ) the only problem is that the ceramic can chip off ( it happened with the first one i bought , but i returned it and got a new one that has n't chipped so far ) and it 's so big that if you take your thumb off the spring grip , it can be hard to get it back on ( i have huge hands too .""
 ""i bought this item last month from amazon.com for $149. i thought it is using some kind of hand-like massage motors , and not those vibration motors . when the item arrived and i setup , i found out they are using the vibration motors ! a little disappointed i am . but i use it , it is not bad if you do n't mind the vibration motors . the heat feature is great . however , the knod that is supposed to hold the sitting position is n't holding well . the leather-like material really feels like a lether . the vibration really vibrates the whole floor , so i suggest to put on carpetted areas only . i personally like the hand-like massage chair better . but this $149 chair is worth the price . others would sell for over $300""
 'this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king'
 'a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality , this swedish import does n\'t so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place , would n\'t know what to do with it if you did have it , and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts . the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as "" well-worn , "" which seems to be a euphemism for "" shop-worn , "" "" clichï¿½ , "" or "" stupefyingly unoriginal . "" here it is ( spoilers follow ) : daniel , a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health , returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood , takes over and revives the local church choir , heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness , finds love , finds his inner child , and finally , at the moment of his and his choir \'s greatest triumph , croaks . a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program , but kay pollack is n\'t up to it . instead , in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness , he celebrates , embraces , wallows in the schmaltz , throws it at you until it \'s dripping off you like oobleck , and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film . indeed , there \'s something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last : it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent , albeit of the ed wood variety ; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind , as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who , at the end of a long and successful career , publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs . ( speaking of whom : "" as it is in heaven "" was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005 , after being strewn with similar honors in sweden , where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers . we \'re used to this kind of idiocy from the academy , but what \'s going on in the country of strindberg and bergman ? has someone been putting something in the kï¿½ttbullar ? ) a standard feature of movies like this ( and books like this , if it comes to that- -cf . ayn rand ) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant . aiiih is no exception . the parade of didactic marionettes includes : - - daniel \'s love interest , a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde , who represents the life force ; - - the humorless , sexually repressed , hypocritical preacher , who represents the church , which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity , especially in modern scandinavia ; - - the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates , and then finally locks up and forgives- -who represents violence and what to do about it ; - - the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir , chiefly so that he can become the film \'s symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people . ( incidentally , it \'s about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people , in movie after movie , as symbols of purity / goodness / wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence , or whatever , is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them ; it just seems nicer . ca n\'t we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being ? the only one i can recall seeing is "" best boy , "" a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago . apart from that they \'ve been reduced to targets of witless ridicule , as in "" there \'s something about mary , "" or turned into plaster saints as here . ) so , to sum up : save your money and your time , which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of "" the o.c. "" run , do n\'t walk , from your local art theater if this is the main attraction . and do n\'t forget the moral of the story , rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis- ï¿½-vis the usa : kitsch is global .'
 'the text is ok and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent , but the drawings are the work of a hack , often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored . the costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight . the attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book . an affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both . only valuable as a kitschy curiosity'
 'this is a product that is dependent on constant upgrades because the most current version of the 2006 tax forms are often not available when it first comes out . that is the nature of the product . however , for the third year in a row , many macintosh users have run into problems with their automated online form upgrade process . if the automated upgrade process does not work , you can do the upgrade manually , but that is a somewhat complex process . alternatively , you can order a snail mail version of the upgraded program , if you can ever get through to the phone number you have to call . they always seem to be encountering a large volume of calls no matter what time you call . its a great product once you get it upgraded to contain the most recent version of the forms . i wonder if the automated upgrade process works for windows users ? at any rate , until they fix the automated upgrade process , an important part of the software , i have to rate it as low as possible'
 'this hair dryer was purchased as a christmas gift to replace one we have had for several years . i could not locate one locally so i order from amazon . the dryer only worked for a few days . nothing i do will make it work again . the reason i have not retured it is because the postage cost would be so much .'
 'this model has all the features of the elite 9500 ( 2 brush heads , 2 cleaning modes , programmable quadpacer , and a guage to indicate about how much charge is remaining in the battery ) , but it \'s $12 cheaper from amazon ! all the "" programmable quadpacer "" feature amounts to is the ability to leave it on for an extra ( i.e. , a fifth ) 30-second interval , or the ability to turn the timer off so that it \'s just on / off . i regard most of the features as functional ornamentation ( "" bells and whistles "" ) , but the elite 9800 also happens to be a dependable , super-lightweight model that will run a good three weeks on a charge with only one person using it . i went on a three-week trip and did n\'t bother to pack my charger , and it had charge to spare when i got back . note : i always allow the nicd battery run all the way down ( to exhaustion ) before charging it , and that enhances both the charge and battery life . ( nicd \'s only have so many charge cycles . ) if this is your first electric , you might like the way it comes out of the box programmed to gradually ramp-up the power over the first fourteen brushings . what \'s the difference between the 9800 and the 9500 ? the models appear identical . the only difference i found is that one comes in a box that says 9800 , the other says 9500. : - )'
 'hot hot heat is one of the few new bands to pique my interest . their first release was decent , but "" elevator "" is even better . great tunes , drums and guitars - and , of course , steve bays \' yelping vocals . there \'s only three songs i really do n\'t care for - "" pickin \' it up "" , "" soldier in a box "" and "" shame on you "" . looking forward to the next cd'
 ""while some of larabars have a thick grainy-nut texture , this particular product is very smooth and almost tastes like chocolate candy . for those of us who ca n't eat real candy because of allergies , this one is a winner ! it almost tastes like a soft girl scout thin mint cookie""
 'i \'ve seen and heard sheryl live when she \'s not surrounded by rock and roll dinosaurs . she \'s great - she \'s hip , self-assured and kicks butt ! but here , she tells the audience in "" leaving las vegas "" : "" i \'m playing central park tonight.. . but i have some friends coming up so can you be patient...please ? for lil \' ol \' me ? be very patient... . "" almost begging the audience not to walk out while she \'s singing solo . it \'s almost as if she knows that the audience will have to suffer her solo attempts until the "" friends "" arrive . the irony is that sheryl solo is the best part of the album . with the others on board , we ca n\'t see what sheryl can do , and those familiar with her know that sheryl is capable of a lot . she \'s overwhelmed by keith richard , stevie nicks , eric clapton , chrissie hynde and by including so many rock gods she herself is diminished in importance and stature . her songs "" it do n\'t hurt "" and "" there goes the neighborhood "" stand out on the album showing that sheryl can rock harder and better than any of her "" friends . "" too bad she did n\'t include "" am i getting through "" - - the part 2 of that was a great rock moment . natalie maines \' grating voice ( like fingernails on a chalkboard ) completely ruin "" strong enough . "" chrissie sounds like a zombie on "" if it makes you happy "" , sarah mclaughlin is so hopelessly unhip and white-bread in her lilith-fair mode that she adds nothing to "" a difficult kind "" ...in fact , by the end of the song sarah seems to disappear from the song as sheryl belts it to the end . that \'s sheryl \'s song and should remain so , tombstone blues stands out for its guitar work and the best part of "" all i wanna do "" is the new york audience . happy , white room and gold dust woman are three classic rock standards , so overplayed that anyone who grew up to 70 \'s fm aor radio has heard them ad nauseaum . problem here is that nothing new is added to them , they sound like karaoke versions . despite sheryl \'s plea for patience , i was bored with the old-timers.they did n\'t bring sheryl \'s career forward , only backwards'
 ""as you might think , i am not a die hard fan of jmj , i think that when only die hard fans rates an album , it makes you think that with such a high rating , everybody should love this album and this is not the thruth . not everybody like this king of musical experimentation , some do but some don't ...i like oxygene and equinoxe , and even after all those years , they are still good to listen too . rendez vous offers some really good moments , but we are far from the perfection as oxygene or equinoxe . rendez-vous is easier to get use to that zoolook is , but we are far from a near perfect album . that 's all""
 ""save yourself time and buy any book by greg lemond ( greg lemond 's complete book of bicycling ) or john howard ( john howard 's the cyclist 's companion ) - - they are both far better writers , well-rounded bicyclists , and honorable family men - - good role models for all true cycling athletes , young and old alike . lance armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book , but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion . lance armstrong would sell his own grandmother 's last pair of socks in order to succeed - - leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the tour de france . he sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn . better to settle down with greg lemond 's wonderful book for real depth , excitement , and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well""
 'i bought this product and thought i would be very happy with it , i was not , it snagged and quit and was overall a piece of crude . very unhappy with this purchase'
 ""i do not own this cd , but i recently saw the doctor at a local jazz club and was blown away . he had a good sense of humor and was very worldly . he would ascend and spiral upwords untill every one in the club 's heart rate had spead up 100 notches.. . and boom.. . he was back to being relaxed old lonnie . at the break i met him , and got an autograph . he was very insightful musical and with spoken words.i would reccomend seeing him live , aswell as buying his album""
 ""i was so excited when i read the reviews for this intermediate level pilates tape . thought i would purchase it for variety from my ' the method ' pilates tape . i was very disappointed . the tape does not even allow you to get your heart racing much less to break a sweat . i did n't feel like i got a good tone workout . i actually wanted to fall asleep . i felt it was 40 minutes of stretch for an intermediate level student . i give two stars because i do believe he knows what is talking about in terms of form but i shall be passing this on to an elderly relative""
 ""for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art""
 'this is the 3rd , and unfortunately final , chapter in the triology . i got my husband to run out and buy it the tuesday it was released and finished it within 2 ( very late ) nights of reading . if you have read the 1st two books you will not be disappointed with this one . if anything , it is the best in the series with 2 really likeable characters - yo ! and if you have n\'t read "" caught stealing "" and "" six bad things "" , head to borders now so you can read them before "" a dangerous man "" . plan on not doing anything else for awhile because these books are just too intense to put down . pulp noir at its \' finest'
 'etta never fails to deliver in the vocals . gutteral bombast , sweet soul , gospel , blues , the lady is a living legend . but this album , like the last album "" produced "" by her son , is a nightmare . chessy arrangments , tinkly bass , poor sound all around . she is a fierce mother and i \'m sure she thinks her kids know best , but there is a reason why labels pair vocalists with the right producer . should etta get the chance to work with a fresh ear at the deck , she would n\'t need the novelty of some of the song choices . ps - 200lbs lighter and she remains the best live performer ; blues , r / b , soul , whatever , in the world .'
 'great enginering , design and craftmanship ; works great every day ; but i had to throw away a travel size "" waterpick "" after 18 months , because it is impossible to obtain a replacement hose assembly from the manufacturer or anywhere else . it does n\'t make any sense to supply an irreplaceable disposable part , on an equipment designed to outlast it three times'
 'john mayer can grow his hair long and play his guitar slung low , but he is still a professionaly trained monkey , i mean musician . mayer along with "" artists "" like gavin degraw , teddy geiger , etc. , are todays n\'sync and backstreet boys , nothing more .'
 ""unlike many of the other reviewers , i actually bought this shaver to use on my head . i have been shaving my head for the past 2 years and during that time have used a panasonic es8066. it was a fine product ( able to be used either wet or dry , unlike the braun ) , but i had no idea that upgrading to the braun 8985 would make such a difference . i shaved my head in one third the time it took me using the panasonic ! no longer did i need to keep going over the same spot again and again . the braun took off the hair in one or two passes , cutting just as close with considerable ease and less irritation . i ca n't believe i wasted two years shaving with my old shaver ! i know panasonic has since come out with new and improved shavers , and i ca n't comment on its new vortex shaver , but i know i wo n't be returning my new braun any time soon""
 ""although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan""
 'this is a great program for using a bible on your palm . the only issue was that i had to return the first cd for scratches and the 2nd was also all scratched up . it worked but ....'
 ""please buy a different camera . i have owned 5 different pocket digital cameras . under normal wear and tear , the cannon sd400 's lcd screen broke where other cameras i 've owned have not . i just purchased the nikon s7c with a bigger screen that is so well protected that i can hit it with no adverse affect . if you do buy the sd400 , set aside the $150 you 'll likely need to replace the lcd""
 ""when i first picked up drinking coffee elsewhere , i was excited to have the chance to read something that so many people seemed to enjoy . and , truthfully , it 's not a horrible book . it is entertaining , the style works , etc. on that note , if you 're looking for a fun read and do n't plan on thinking about it too much , then by all means , get it . my problem with the book is that it does n't deserve all the acclaim it 's getting- - if you want something that breaks boundaries or adds a new voice to the current socio-political situation of america , this is not your book . probably one of the major problems with the collection is that it 's heralded as a riveting commentary on the plight of the african american female . packer has very little new to say , and most of the underlying themes of the stories have not only been said previously by alice walker and other writers , but have also have been said better by those authors . drinking coffee elsewhere is no more than a watered down version of you ca n't keep a good woman down , a book that , while having its own problems , would probably be a better use of your time and money if you 're really interested in the social commentary in the text . even from the literary standpoint , it 's not terribly outstanding . the characters are stereotypes ; the plots are predictable . the adult female protagonists are all essentially the same person- - an intelligent outsider who struggles with race , religion , and fitting in- - and are generally pretty ornery about it as they do so . the other protagonists are the same , just not so irritable . similar to this lack of variation in her characters , packer varies little in her narrative style . yes , the language is pretty at times , but there is no experimentation with language or structure ; all of the writing is in a highly generic voice . finally , the stories themselves contain scenes that are n't necessary and that detract from the actual narrative . in short , drinking coffee elsewhere proves that what it takes to sell a lot of books is n't actual talent , but how much your publisher backs you . packer had the good fortune to have famous mentors and to be the product of some highly acclaimed writing programs , which resulted in her being picked up by a big name publisher who could pay to get her name out""
 '"" being a lover of freedom , when the [nazi] revolution came , i looked to the universities to defend it , knowing that they had always boasted of their devotion to the cause of truth ; but no , the universities were immediately silenced . then i looked to the great editors of the newspapers , whose flaming editorials in days gone had proclaimed their love of freedom ; but they , like the universities , were silenced in a few short weeks... . only the church stood squarely across the path of hitler \'s campaign for suppressing the truth . i never had any special interest in the church before , but now i feel a great affection and admiration for it because the church alone has had the courage and persistence to stand for intellectual and moral freedom . i am forced to confess that what i once despised i now praise unreservedly . "" - - albert einstein . what i \'m getting at here is that you can propogate anyone to look bad , that \'s easy . when you have two sources contradicting each other so heavily , you may want to consider the source ; i.e a protestant british author writing over fifty years after the fact , vice a prominent and liberal jewish figure who lived through the holcaust and has no biased motive to either slander or praise the beforementioned institution . or maybe israel zolli , chief rabbi of rome whose conversion to catholicism immediately after the war was prompted by the church \'s reaction to the plight of the jewish people . this book is extremely propagated and heavily editorialized . it is important to read a work like this however , in order to better understand the manipulation of truth and half truth in the author \'s motive'
 'the story , walk across the sea , by susan fletcher , takes place at a town near the ocean . white people thought themselves superior to others , especially the chinese . chinese were often looked down upon and shunned , mainly because of their religious beliefs . the lighthouse keeper \'s daughter , however , was different from other white people . believing her father \'s talks about chinese people in the beginning of the story , the girl , eliza jane , meets a chinese boy around her age . after the chinese boy saves her goat , eliza becomes interested in the boy \'s behavior . soon , she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed . this story was rather interesting in a way . the time of the story show how the characters act and think . the story also shows how different some characters are , such as eliza \'s father and mother . ( "" something moved inside me , like a sudden shift in the wind . "" ) eliza was also , in a way , different from other white people . she befriended and showed kindness toward the chinese boy . ( "" ` you \'ll do him no harm ? i have your word on it ? \' "" ) i was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the chinese boy . of all of the stories i have read , i have never found one that was perfect . this story is no different . when the chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people , i could feel the same shock and anger eliza felt . the story , however , has a few more bad parts . one boy , amos , accidentally broke eliza jane \'s nose while trying to find the chinese boy . afraid that he might get in trouble , the boy lied to his father about breaking eliza \'s nose . to make matters worse , amos blames the fault on the chinese boy ! ( "" i had a mind to shout at him , to tell him to put her down.. . "" ) on the other hand , i did not like how eliza acted toward the chinese boy when they first met . when the boy yelled a warning , eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat . therefore , when the boy was holding the goat , eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her , when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave . even so , that was not the worst part of the story . ( "" ` get you from me , \' he said . ` i ca n\'t be near you now . get out of my sight ! \' "" ) as a father , eliza \'s father was expected by me to listen and talk to eliza about her chinese friend , and maybe even understand why she was protecting him . as a result , i was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her ! thankfully , there was nothing worse than this part of the story . ( "" terrible things can happen in this world-things you ca n\'t explain away . it \'s not safe here , andrew john . i ca n\'t promise you \'ll be safe . but there are miracles , too-like you . and love . and glories well beyond our knowing . "" ) the ending , where eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the chinese boy was my favorite part . it ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship'
 'my mother in law thought it was reduculous to spend more that twenty bucks on one of these because she got one that has ocean sounds.. . birds. . ect . but all those other machines have that creepy digital sound for white noise...and the waves inevitably break and the birds stop chirping as soon as the car alarm goes off in the street . this is the only sound we need ! we bought it for our 3 month old daughter because we live in a noisy part of the city and our neighbors kept waking her up . she slep great from day one.. . now we use it as part of her bedtime ritual. . bath , jammies , book , sleepy machine.. . and off to sleep she goes'
 ""the design is great , very light , easy to handle . it 's very nice to be able to use it cordless . however , this is the least powerful epilator i have ever used in my 14 year of personal epilation history . ( i have gone through six epilators . ) it takes forever to clear a small area .""
 ""what a chore this book was to read . if it were n't for my ocd about finishing books that i start , i would 've read the first couple of chapters and then given up . it seems like a wannabe-suspense , but it 's not . it seems like there might be a love story in it , but there 's not . it feels like there might be a creepy angle in it , but there is not . what i can gather about this book is that the author thinks she 's going to connect all these people with different circumstances and perspectives together by one tragedy . she tries to make a connection , but falls way short . read vinegar hill - that one was worth it . pass midnight champagne by""
 ""i 'm sorry , the above web address is incorrect . to get to the web page , type http : / / wolfsrain.animechains.net in your address bar . and again , do not type www in front of it . thank you""
 'supposed being victimized by local communist regime and soviet oppressors since august-1968 , a skilled surgeon changed countries and jobs like surgical gloves he did at hospitals . no wonder , sex is a fix for such a lucky , and marriage to a beautiful adorable woman stopped a character with southern european rather than slavic appearance a little . extended up to 165 minutes of screening , romantic tale with some near-porno inclusions is a bit more over-positive and over-entertaining than its final collapsed in . well , movie spirit seems being similar to "" a beautiful life "" , "" producers "" or , more recent one of levi \'s hitler-as-a-comedy-hero , of what optimism and humoristic style used to depicting the tragedy serve well cinemagoers seeking a relaxation only .'
 ""i am a veteran screen printer and am kind of new to the graphic arts side . this purchase has paid for itself over and over now that i do n't have to run to someone else for art . it was rumored that it is hard to find what is needed as there is no computer search for images.. . i guess some people are too lazy to familiarize themselves with the book of images.. . i did and i love this product ! ! ! !""
 'a great resource for first time and experienced importers who do not fully understand their responsibilites as an importer .'
 'in my 1-3-2007 review of the harry potter dvd series , i said about alfonso cuarón \'s direction of harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban that "" perhaps cuarón held back from doing his own thing "" because chris columbus had directed the previous harry potter releases and had oversight to azkaban . well the notion that cuarón was holding back in his potter directorial was confirmed in my mind after seeing children of men . cuarón can indeed make a great movie and could have made azkaban great...but it was just good . greatness clearly shines through when cuarón is turned loose with "" his own "" film , and children of men is a good example . children of men is full of social and political themes as well as an abundance of messages of faith . and this is apparently what cuarón does best ( see 2001 directorial of oscar nominated y tu mamá también ) . in children of men almost 20 years have passed since the last human baby was born . the result ? chaos . clearly the end of the world is near . zombies might as well have taken over the earth , and it was that zombie movie ( you know , the good ones , like 28 days later [2002] or dawn of the dead [2004] ) desperation that i was reminded of throughout children of men . cuarón adapts p.d. james \' 1992 novel to the big screen with several liberties , but keeps the message pretty much the same . the story is believably told , and the movie keeps an exciting pace all the way through . clive owen leads the cast , and this guy just gets better and better in every film that i see him in . he \'s supported by julianne moore , michael caine and a bunch of other actors that all turn in a-list performances . a fair amount of action . suspense . a very well-told story....everything that you need to keep you entertained . and , hey , did they actually keep the runtime to less than two hours for children of men ? you do n\'t get that too often anymore .'
 ""i do n't know if it works or not - i just received it and all i get on it is a low battery reading""
 'corny science fiction less favorite of mine not even in the top 10 ! afi took the idea on a better approache of this movie about a boy robot !'
 ""although i like this album , there 's nothing that especially stands out about it . it 's typical bright eyes , and if you already love the band you wo n't be disappointed . however , it 's not one of their best albums . it 's not as good as lifted , not as addicting as fevers and mirrors , and not as raw and endearing as letting off the happiness . but yet again , conor succeeds in writing songs that capture all of the emotion without making me ill in a dashboard confessional sort of way""
 ""i really enjoyed my nano chi iron while it lasted ( rip 7 / 06-11 / 06 ) , it handles well , it 's a great straightener , and it 's a pretty color . however , i dropped it approximately two feet , onto a carpeted floor , and it stopped working . i purchased the chi about four months ago and think that a $120 iron should be a bit more resiliant . i 'll still purchase chi products , but would n't recommend investing in the nano technology just yet...there are a few kinks that still need to be worked out , and it 's not worth having to pay an extra $35 to have it repaired""
 '"" the talons of weng chiang "" is a wonderfully creepy pseudo-historical tale full of mood , atmosphere , and an unusual amount of violence for "" doctor who "" - -almost as if departing producer philip hinchcliffe was taking a parting shot at his critics on his way out . but it \'s not all gloom and doom . this storyline is a fine mix indeed of good old "" doctor who "" humor at its funniest as well as thrilling "" doctor who "" adventure at its most gruesome . the dank and dour city streets and slums of late-19th century london make a grim backdrop for a tale of manipulation , madness , and serial murder ( technologically refined cannibalism , really ) , and yet the doctor \'s many clever quips and leela \'s naively astute observations on "" civilized "" victorian life keeps the viewer laughing throughout , and the main villain \'s second-hand man , li-hsen chang , has some incredibly witty one-liners as well . li-hsen chang himself is a fascinating character , delightfully entertaining on stage and yet cold and ruthless in his service to "" weng-chiang , "" a stranded , time-traveling dictator from the future who has deceived chang into believing he \'s a deity from the taoist pantheon . chang \'s paranormal powers , foremost of which is hypnotism , definitely evoke the late victorian fascination with mesmerism ( see the poster advertising his show ) and serve to mark him as a clever echo of the evil fu manchu characters so much the stock villains of pulp fiction , and yet he \'s also a tragic figure in many ways- -a healthy , innocent rural farmer whose simple religious beliefs were abused by an evil man- -uprooted and given extraordinary powers along with refinement and authority by his "" god "" and yet irrevocably corrupted in the process . in many ways this works as a dark counterpoint to the pygmalion-style educational program the doctor \'s putting leela through , to her annoyance . if li-hsen chang is an interesting and complex adversary though , the same ca n\'t really be said for his master , weng-chiang himself . he \'s a rather unremarkable two-dimensional villain , i \'m afraid , complete with hokey bad-guy laugh and over-the-top acting . perhaps the writers were going for a sort of campy effect , but if so , they overdid it just a bit . at times too he \'s just more annoying than frightening- -every time the ever loyal li-hsen is faithfully going about their nefarious business only to be thwarted by the doctor , weng-chiang throws a fit , savagely berating the poor guy on and on ad nauseum . on this score , weng-chiang is less evil incarnate than a bad reminder of some dysfunctional manager at one \'s workplace . it does n\'t help either that he bears no resemblance whatsoever to the clean-cut bureaucratic deity of education whom he \'s presumably impersonating , so that the whole idea comes across as altogether somewhat unconvincing . all in all , though , this is an enjoyable adventure . the doctor is at his sleuthing best , leela shines as a displaced neolithic warrior , and a fine complement of vividly memorable supporting characters keep the story moving right along in an entertaining fashion , all of them brought to life by a fine script and even finer acting . and anyway , li-hsen more than makes up for weng-chiang \'s deficiencies as an interesting villain for most of the show , while the cyborg assassin mr. sin is genuinely creepy ( especially if you have a phobia of ventriloquist dolls ) . so this is a fine storyline altogether as long as you take some of it with a grain of salt- -or a dash of soy sauce , rather'
 ""the economy , austerity and directness of the films of fritz lang made him one of the most profound , and precise filmmakers.. . lang , a master of the german expressionist film , shot his first talkie , a crime drama considered a landmark in the story of suspense movies.. . it was a shocking idea for its time , based on the real-life killer peter kurten , headlined as the vampire of düsseldorf.. . ' m ' is about a terrorized city , and a plump little man with wide eyes ( often chewing candy ) who is a pathological child-killer , unable to control his urge for killing.. . the film embodies several lang themes : the duality between justice and revenge , mob hysteria , the menacing anticipation of watching a helplessly trapped individual trying fruitlessly to escape as greater forces move inexorably in , and , for probably the first time in the cinema , it adds a new dimension to suspense : pity.. . for the killer is clearly mentally sick.. . he cannot overcome the overwhelming compulsion of his murderous disease , and yet , we see him hunted down and almost lynched as a criminal , rather than treated as a sick man.. . early in the film , the killer is heard whistling the grieg theme from ' in the hall of the mountain king' . this theme inexorably becomes imbued with menace.. . and when we see no more than a girl looking in a shop window , the melody on the sound-track told us chillingly that the murderer is there , just out of sight.. . the murderer is played by peter lorre in a virtuoso performance that has barely been matched in all the thrillers he has made since ' casablanca , ' ' the maltese falcon , ' and ' the mask of dimitrios . ' when the photographs of his victims , all little girls , are shown to him , he jumps back and twitches with horror.. . with powerful visuals , lang 's motion picture is lorre 's first film.. . his performance as the corpulent , hunted psychopath is a masterpiece of mime and suggestion.. . lorre is the archetypal outsider-outside the law and society because of his compulsive crimes , outside the balancing society of the underworld because he is not a professional criminal.. . he had only twelve lines of dialog.. . in the most famous of all about a pathological killer - alfred hitchcock 's ' psycho ' - anthony perkins lacked not only the threat of the tortured peter lorre , but also the dimension of invoking our incredulous sympathy.. . ' psycho ' reeked with blood and horror , whereas the suspense of ' m ' is subtle.. . a child 's balloon without an owner , a rolling ball , are enough to tell us that another murder had been committed.. . the audience , trapped in its seats , torn by ambivalent feelings towards the killer , watched him trapped as the net is pulled tight.. .""
 ""this movie , while not a bomb or a turkey , has a couple of serious flaws . one is the casting . ted wass has lots of credits to his name , according to imdb , but what a wimpy , character-less , uninteresting washout he is ! was blake going for a harold lloyd lookalike ? he got one , but there 's nothing else to recommend him . he looks like a clark kent without the superman suit underneath . the other flaw is the length . even the opening credits ( using a defreiling / patie ripoff style ) go on forever . but the slapstick , which is masterful as always ( blake having been raised on or at least heavily influenced by silent comedies , especially those of laurel & hardy ) ...my god , does he stretch things out here ! the cameos are the saving grace , especially roger moore's . his vocal impersonation of clousseau is perfect . why did n't he dub the voice for clousseau in the concurrently filmed trail of the pink panther ? whoever did that voiceover sounded like sellers on helium ! it 's sad to see our icons age , especially burt kwouk , who looks and sounds awfully tired . david niven looks as close to death as he actually was . rich little 's uncredited overdubbing was beautifully done : subtle and convincing . herbert lom 's dreyfuss got bigger and more ridiculous in each successive film . and harvey korman 's prof . balls is delightful . the entire scene in his shop is a stitch . no , there will never be another sellers ( and i have no intention of seeing the new film with steve martin ) . but blake could have done better with his stopgaps""
 ""' fais-moi des vacances ' ( we need a vacation ) is a finely wrought little film that studies the disparities between the classes in france while introducing us to a warmly tender and humorous friendship between two young lads . directed and written by didier bivel ( with writing assistance from djamila djabri ) it offers a slice of life we rarely see - that underbelly of france 's projects where mixed races strive to exist without the amenities of those with means who surround their neighborhoods . lucien ( aymen saïdi ) lives with his father ( bernard blancan ) , mother ( hiam abbass ) , young sister pamela ( laura mas navarro ) , and his tough streetwise older brother josé ( nabil el bouhairi ) in a small flat . close by is his african friend adama ( ibrahim koma ) and his equally poor family of father ( makan fofana ) , mother ( marie-philomène nga ) and sister fanta ( hawa yakaré sissoko ) . as school ends the kids whose families have money take them on a vacation , a state neither lucien nor adama can afford despite their obsession with that luxury . the two boys manipulate funds and ideas and ultimately come up with the idea of secretly jumping aboard a ruv of a family headed for the beach . but despite the success of their plan and the encouragement of the daughter of the van 's owners , the boys end up not at the beach but at a nudist camp , a fact that makes them flee ! upon returning home both boys ' families punish their activities and when lucien seeks comfort from his older brother , josé beats him and tells him to grow up . in the end the boys finagle their way to the beach , but of course by this time vacation time is over and they are on an empty beach re-evaluating their lives . the cast is uniformly strong , the writing is excellent , and the camera work not only captures the claustrophobia of the projects but also opens up the vistas of the boys ' imaginations . it is a fine little film , one deserving of a wide audience . grady harp , january 07""
 'this was used to upgrade my operating system at work . it went fairly well . actually much better than i had hoped'
 'their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode\'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n\'t have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode\'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert "" fonksta "" bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their "" gangsta conversation "" album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode\'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review'
 ""i am so happy with aquasana shower filter . i live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored . as a consequence , my skin shortly turned dry and i continuously got skin problems . i even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday . now that i have found aquasana , i feel so happy . it does what it promises . i could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time . and it did feel like showering in natural spring water . i could n't be happier with this product""
 'much of the plot has been outlined above , as well as the cast and i am , in large part , in complete agreement with the positive reveiws recorded . i want to add that , for anyone raised on the old universal horror pictures , or the films directed by james whale or val lewton , where the suspense is the important part of the film ; this picture , shadows and fog , has this quality absolutely dripping from every frame ! despite the comedic elements ( and there are many funny things happening ) the tension rises perceptibly throughout the narrative . the climax is dissapointing for many , but if you follow the subtext of this extremely philosophical script it is nearly a perfect resolution in all ways . i have had philosophy students who were struggling with concepts of 19th and 20th century writers watch this movie and instantly gain insight into the point of the often times obtuse & oblique writings of hegel , kant and the like . i beleive that the unpopularity of the this film is based on people thinking that they were about to see bananas or sleeper . love him or hate him , you have to admit , woody allen is deep . a personal favorite film of mine , but definetly not everybodies cup of philosophicallly comedic tea'
 'my husband was leaving more than 20 pairs of reading glasses everywhere and any where and could still never find a pair when he needed them....even to ead a menu ! these glasses are the answer to anyone who wears reading glasses . i bought them in all colors for him and even bought a pair work a friend who works with him ( he loves them as well and bought in more colors also ) . neither of them have lost a pair in all of these months . they also have started so many conversations . everyone who has asked about them has done the same and have bought in all colors . it takes a little adjusting and getting use to but everyone we know has never returned a pair . only reason they have returned was to order in more colors or to order for friends and loved ones ! these glasses are fantastic ! thanks for the great service'
 ""i do n't understand why there are so many low reviews here . this movie was one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen . also , it was very unique . i think that too many people are trying to project these actions in real life . this movie is fiction . all the people who gave this movie a bad review should stop trying to see what 's real about this movie and just sit back and laugh . this movie was extremely funny ! !""
 ""i loved the first one and i think , with the logic and plot of the first one , this follows through . we knew they changed the world , and in this sequel we see that . the actors do a good , since the lead characters are suppose to be , let 's say less intelligent , but nice . i think this movie and the 1st one are classics . i like the grim reaper , his atitude during the movie , and the fact the he is the comic relief ( okay so most of the movie is comic relief ) even if they are fun to watch to laugh at , it is worth it to watch""
 ""when dvds came out i thought that cds were gone . i thought all bands would start making videos out of all their songs and selling dvds instead of cds . that 's what happened with records . cds came out and no one released vinyl anymore . i am so glad that the sun was the first band to do this . every song on this disk is golden . there ai n't a bad song in the bunch . i heard about this disk on npr radio . it seems that it was taking warner bros . so long to release the cd that the band made homemade videos for all their songs . the record company heard about this , watched the videos and said , that 's cool , here is some more money , go and make the videos professionally and we will release it as a dvd , like it was a new idea or something . i talked with my buddies and most of them also thought this should have been done a long time ago . another thing that is way cool is the audio tracks . all the songs are on the disk in .wav form too so that you can put it in your computer and tell windows media player or whatever you use to put it on a regular cd and play it in your car or convert them into mp3s . there is even a sticker on the shrink wrap encouraging you to convert the .wav files . i could go on and on about how much i love this disk . i played it for my wife , kids , coworkers and they all loved it . like other reviewers said , the sun is a new classic . keep it up boys .""
 'i was n\'t pleased with this book . i \'ve read all of ms. warren \'s e-books and i have to say they have a lot more fire . she lost a lot in this book . somewhere around the middle of the book , i started thinking "" did i actually buy a book this bad . "" because i enjoyed her e books so much i did n\'t stop to think before purchasing it . i was so happy to have her book , i immediately called a friend who also drove to the book store to purchase the book . boy , did i get it from her the next day . because we do n\'t believe in throwing money away , we \'re still stuggling to finish the book . hopefully , there is light at the end of the tunnel .'
 ""these are great films and the set is lovely . but boo to criterion anyhow for not sticking up for cassavetes scholar ray carney , whose name was removed from the set after months of work because of his feud with cassavetes ' widow gena rowlands . buy the dvd set , anyhow , you must , but go to the cassavetes pages , find carney 's links , and read his account of the troubles he 's had , trying to preserve and expose people to rare cuts of faces and shadows he himself tracked down.. . sorry to take sides - - gena rowlands probably has her own justifications for feeling as she does - - but i greatly admire carney 's contributions to keeping cassavetes ' memory alive and exposing people to his films ; he put an amazing amount of work into cassavetes on cassavetes , too . it sucks that he kind of got stiffed here .""
 'a useful book that provides a good summary comparing differing accounting standards and approaches between countries . however , it is not worth the price . it is supposedly written for later year undergraduate and masters accounting students . it is more suitable for general second year accounting students . plus , as i am working with a multinational european bank in japan , the book is , rapidly becoming , out of date . there is none of the simply but incisive commentary which can be found in other books about the differences and outcomes of general accounting principals drawn from different countries'
 ""this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction .""
 'i bought from the 3 types of olay total effect , and i did try them after reading the instruction , there is no magical effect apeard after 1 month but there is diffrence , the company was very good in logistic maters']","[[0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.24324324 0.75675676]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.10810811 0.89189189]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.75675676 0.24324324]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.08108108 0.91891892]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.72972973 0.27027027]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.27027027 0.72972973]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.05405405 0.94594595]
 [0.27027027 0.72972973]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.86486486 0.13513514]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.27027027 0.72972973]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.18918919 0.81081081]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.27027027 0.72972973]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.27027027 0.72972973]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.72972973 0.27027027]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.13513514 0.86486486]
 [0.24324324 0.75675676]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.81081081 0.18918919]
 [0.10810811 0.89189189]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.72972973 0.27027027]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.10810811 0.89189189]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.24324324 0.75675676]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.24324324 0.75675676]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.21621622 0.78378378]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.27027027 0.72972973]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.32432432 0.67567568]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.24324324 0.75675676]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.37837838 0.62162162]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.21621622 0.78378378]
 [0.13513514 0.86486486]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.08108108 0.91891892]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.72972973 0.27027027]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.59459459 0.40540541]
 [0.40540541 0.59459459]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.13513514 0.86486486]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.18918919 0.81081081]
 [0.62162162 0.37837838]
 [0.2972973  0.7027027 ]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.35135135 0.64864865]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.7027027  0.2972973 ]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.54054054 0.45945946]
 [0.56756757 0.43243243]
 [0.64864865 0.35135135]
 [0.51351351 0.48648649]
 [0.67567568 0.32432432]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.45945946 0.54054054]
 [0.43243243 0.56756757]
 [0.48648649 0.51351351]
 [0.72972973 0.27027027]]","[1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1
 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0
 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 0
 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0
 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0
 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1
 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 0
 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0
 1 1 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 0
 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 1
 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1]"
